NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: Data2Sustain
Title: EDIH for DATA-BASED INNOVATION FOR CIRCULAR ECONOMY, OPERATIONS & SUSTAINABILITY
Country: Ireland
Description: The regional Data2Sustain EDIH consortium is a unique partnership approach across the NUTS II Northern and Western region. The consortium combines the core competences of the higher education institutes (HEI), with the innovation and business acumen of the complementary EDIH partners. This unique partnership structure demonstrates a shared management approach between researchers, technology providers, policy makers, innovation practitioners and business support agencies. The partnership structure encompasses 4 Technological Competence Centres, 3 Business support organisations, with 4 of the partners havin a local, or regional, planning, economic development, and investment remit, as well as European networked partner with extensive experience in digital innovation in public organisations. Data2Sustain is a coordinated group of organisations with complementary expertise, with a not-for-profit objective. It will support SMEs, as well as the public sector. It has a focus on circular economy, operations & sustainability areas, utilising AI, HPC and Cybersecurity technological competence, with particular emphasis of data/data analytics driven innovation and regard to energy consumption and low carbon emissions. We have jointly developed a comprehensive service programme to increase the transformation capacity and speed of SMEs/POs in the region, nationally and in Europe with regard to advanced digital innovations and skills development. The partnership has a comprehensive physical presence across the most economically challenged region of the state, with a well-established record of successfully engaging with target groups. Our ambition is to: ‘BE A LEADING EDIH IN THE PROVISION OF DIGITALISATION SERVICES IN THE AREA OF CIRCULAR ECONOMY, OPERATIONS & SUSTAINABILITY, BASED ON DATA AND DATA ANALYTICS DRIVEN INNOVATION APPROACHES HELPING TO CREATE SMARTER, GREENER, MORE SUSTAINABLE PROCESSES, SYSTEMS, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND BUSINESS MODELS’
Contact Person(s): Mike Conroy
Phone: 00353879934390
Email: mike.conroy@atu.ie
Location: ATU Sligo, Sligo, Co. Sligo, F91YW50, Ireland
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: http://data2sustain.ie
Active Sectors: Food and beverages (moderate involvement), Telecommunications (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Life sciences (high involvement)
Provided Services: Field trial (high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Circular economy (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), Communication network (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Data-EDIH
Title: Hungarian DATA EDIH
Country: Hungary
Description: The Hungarian DATA EDIH will actively facilitate the digital transformation of the SMEs, small mid-caps, and public sector organisations in Hungary, with a general focus on data-related services and industrial focus on the health industry.
The DATA EDIH consortium represents high academic and practical technical/business development competence, wide domestic and international network and mature EU grant and PM experience. The most challenging DESI dimensions for Hungary remain the Integration of digital technology and digital public services, where attitude, mindset and competence obstacles occur besides financial ones. DATA EDIH will provide trainings, technical and financial services on both catching up and advanced levels.
The activity of DATA EDIH will be built on existing elements of innovation ecosystem, so the interconnectivity and coordination of the system elements with the other EDIHs in Hungary creates a mature and cost-effective status to implement the planned project.
Contact Person(s): Péter Szabó
Phone: +36 30 431 0472
Email: szabo.peter@neum.hu
Location: Budapest, Rákóczi út 70-72. 6. em., 1074, Hungary
Type: EDIH
Website: https://adatedih.hu
Active Sectors: Health care (very high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Big data (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DATAlife
Title: DATAlife
Country: Spain
Description: DATAlife is theDIH devoted to implementing artificial intelligence, big data and the technologies related, to the value chains of biotech, health, agrifood, sea-based industries and forestry.
DATAlife is organized under a scheme of Non-Profit organization, founded in October 2019
The solutions to the massive economic and social challenges the world faces are often found in the crossroad of different sectors like primarysector, industry and services, plus the deployment of disruptive technologies (Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing, Internet of Things, and so on) and the involvement of the whole society, especially the triple-helix: Academia - Industry - Government.
This kind of challenges that appliesglobally is alsoclearly identified in European regions like Galicia, with a share of its economy focused on the primary sector, which has few leftchances to remain competitive in the international market arena. It is known,without a doubt, that this competitiveness increase will come through theimplementation of digital technologies.
In this process of uptake of digital technologies, artificial intelligence and data analytics appear as disruptive tools to boost companies´competitiveness, with a remarkable capability of impact in the quality of life and social wellbeing.
On the other hand, Galicia counts withinternationally-renowned scientific production in various fields such as biotechnology, healthcare, and smart technologies due to a vibrant University scene.
In this context, DATAlife has the vision of transforming Galicia into a leader European Bioregion, by the creation of a network of knowledge, infrastructure and technology. This network spins around the application of artificial intelligence, data analytics, internet of things, high-performance computing and cybersecurity to bioeconomy, sustainability and health.
To achieve this goal, DATAlife deploys a strategic plan made out of the following set of actions:

Catalogue of services. Based on the identified needs of every value chain plus the knowledge of DATAlife´s partners (industry clusters and RTOs with a long track record of servingthe ecosystem), a catalogue of services is defined with several initiatives alreadyidentified

DATAbeta: a set of services with a focus on collaborative development and enabling technologies that allow DATAlife to permanent validate its catalogue aligning it with the needs of the SMEs.
DATAchallenge: Program of Technological Challenges for each value chain.
DATAmarket: marketplace for visualization of technologies and services available in the region within the technological scope of DATAlife. This tool is also a facilitator ofmatches, boosting the integration of the ecosystem.
DATAopen: a program to create aLife Science DATA Platform for extraction, analysis and leverage of data with the scope of DATAlife´s value chains.
DATAlife´s catalogue of services is always under analysis and validation to assure its alignment with Galician SMEs´ needs. This way, DATAlife will include services for test-before-invest, shared labs and infrastructures and technology acquisition when needed.


Communication activity. The actions deployed under the communication plan serve as dissemination of DATAlife´s activity but also as a raising-awareness service to promote the digitalization within the ecosystem to assure that every single stakeholder of the community understands the advantages that digital transformation brings.
Network effect. DATAlife´s partners have a unique and strong international network in their respective activity areas, due to their prolonged presence in the international project arena. DATAlife acts as a connector between Galicia and the Galician ecosystem, providing the possibility to be part of international joint projects.
Contact Person(s): Díaz Lucía Castro
Phone: +34604085297‬
Email: info@dihdatalife.com
Location: Edif. feuga, r/ lope gómez de marzoa s/n, Santiago de compostela, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: http://dihdatalife.com/
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DATAlife
Title: Digital Innovation Hub for the deployment of Artificial Intelligence and Data Analytics in SMEs in the primary, biotechnological and health sectors
Country: Spain
Description: DATAlife is designed considering Galicia’s future potential and challenges, current R&D capabilities and traditional strengths. Rich in natural resources, Galicia has the opportunity to manage them in a smart manner, that ensures their sustainability, a healthy environment and business models that add value to those working in rural areas. With one on the longest life expectancies in the world, it must step up to offer quality of life to its ageing population, with better medicines and care services, exploiting innovations based on combining complex information and advanced analytical models. With the common aim of accelerating digital transformation, universities, technological & competence sectors, sectoral clusters and large companies will work together, creating a fair, green and healthy economy fit for the age of information. A high-quality digital revolution will be centred in the persons, the environment they live in and their wellbeing. This will be achieved by increasing AI uptake in SMEs and public administration with easy-to-use applications; creating collaborative, federated data spaces; unburdening workers by automatically retrieve data with IoT; remaining competitive by HPC usage and securing sensitive data with the latest European cybersecurity applications.
Contact Person(s): Lucía Castro Díaz
Phone: 34617220093
Email: gerencia@dihdatalife.com
Location: Lope Gómez de Marzoa, 15705 Santiago de compostela A Coruña, Spain
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (high involvement), Fishery (very high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Paper and wood (very high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (low involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (low involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DEDIHCATED BFC
Title: DEvelop Digital Innovation Hub to Create and Accompany new Trends in European inDustries in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Country: France
Description: DEDIHCATED BFC is the EDIH for the Burgundy-Franche-Comté region (BFC). The BFC region is the leading French region in terms of industrial employment with strong specificities: automotive, transport and mobility, mechanics, mechatronics, plastics, agri-food, and energy. Despite a high-quality regional digital offer and skills, industrial SMEs are far from digitalization, due to fragmentation between the different regional structures and programmes, not very structured and organised links between digital and application market players, and lack of availability of skills in these areas.
The project create a one-stop-shop hub for industrial companies for their digital transition by offering them support and new services at reduced prices. DEDIHCATED BFC propose an innovative and added value approach based on the delivery of services in the form of an integrated pathway. Three thematic journeys have been designed in line with the industrial needs and a cybersecurity package :
1) From data to Artificial Intelligence for company management;
2) Digitalisation of business processes and production to the digital twin ;
3) Business skills training.
In addition to these advances services, and in view to meet the needs of SMEs far from the digitalisation, entry-level services (awareness, DMA, and basic services) will serve at entry-point of the hub.
Bringing together 13 partners, DEDIHCATED BFC ensure both a good access to the industrial SMEs in all the targeted sectors and in all the geographical areas; and a technological expertise and infrastructures to deliver the services.
Contact Person(s): Noémie Dieumegard
Phone: 33613094054
Email: nd@vehiculedufutur.com
Location: rue Armand Japy 15, 25460 Etupes, France
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.vehiculedufutur.com/fr/dedihcated.html
Active Sectors: Automotive (very high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Polymers and plastics (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Education (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Finance (very high involvement), Circular economy (low involvement), Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Defence4Tech Hub
Title: Defence Innovation Hub for Technology Transfer
Country: Portugal
Description: The defence economy plays an important role in economic development: it encompasses a large variety of sectors; its products display a high technological content; most of its solutions are dual-use, as they can be applied both in the military and civilian realms. Therefore, the defence economy has a cross-cutting and significant impact on the digitalization of the economy and the society.
Defence4Tech (D4T) gathers a public agency, a cluster manager, universities and research centres, and the armed forces research centres to promote the digitalization of the defence economy, in particular SMEs, which are at the core of the Portuguese economy.
D4T will have as its centerpiece a platform that will be a showcase for the services provided, and for the training activities offer. It will also work as a matchmaking tool and a hub for the dissemination of relevant information.
Several other activities will be implemented to enlarge the scope of potential beneficiaries.
Test before invest activities will be integrated in a broader line of services to support digital products development. This includes support to product specification, product development, simulation and validation, prototyping and operational experimentation and testing in real environment.
Promoting skills and training will also be a relevant activity, as the consortium integrates two engineering universities and other entities with experience in providing specialized training in digital skills.
Activities to promote innovation in the ecosystem and networking but also to support investment finding are part of the mission of the public agency and the cluster manager that integrate the consortium.
D4T activities are in line with other national, European and NATO policies. Several MoU with other EDIH that provide a high complementarity were established and partnerships with other entities will be developed.
Contact Person(s): Pedro Rodrigues
Phone: +351 215885020
Email: defence4tech@iddportugal.pt
Location: Estrada da luz, 153, 1600-153 Lisbon, Portugal
Type: Seal of Excellence
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DI4 LITHUANIAN ID
Title: Digital Innovation For Lithuanian Industrial Development
Country: Lithuania
Description: Industry need driven European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) of Central and Western Lithuania consists of 14 partners operating throughout Lithuania and representing different areas of competence and experience.We are operating in 5 sectors: Manufacturing, Public Sector, Healthcare & Biotechnologies, ICT and Fintech.Our key competences are Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Cybersecurity (CS) in the fields of ​Big data, Automated BMS & WMS, Smart Sensors, ​Robotics, I​oT/IoIT, ​Automation, ​VR/AR, Automatic reporting.​
Aim: a) growth of major digital areas fostered by the EC; b)  high level of digital skills and widespread use of digital technologies; c)competitiveness of business models and processes at industries and Public bodies.
Mission: To be the one-stop shop that enables effective digitalisation in Manufacturing, Public Administration and emerging sectors.
Vision: To raise Lithuania to catch up as a digitalisation leader within Baltic regions.
Project goals: a) deliver innovation consulting and support services; b) contribute to global competitiveness of Lithuania innovation ecosystem.
Tasks:

Increase Lithuania’s competitiveness, productivity, investments in higher value-added products and to promote integration of digital solutions and new technologies.
Encourage cooperation between stakeholders at industrial digitalisation/infrastructure development.
Help anticipate change and adapt to future needs.
Promote digitalisation of the region and society.
Strengthen digital skills in public/private sectors.

Services:

Test Before Invest: customers to obtain reliable expected results for their digitalisation ventures
Ecosystem building and networking: operative liaisons through competitive Competence Centers
Support to find investment: guide users to simple, efficient and realistic paths for opting to funding schemes
Skills and training: practical knowledge at digitalisation, technology and global business Adaptation
Contact Person(s): Mindaugas Bulota
Phone: 37067617796
Email: mindaugas.bulota@ktu.lt
Location: K.Donelaicio g. 73, 44029 Kaunas, Lithuania
Type: EDIH
Website: https://di4lithuanianid.com/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement), Financial (high involvement)
Provided Services: Prototyping (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), Technology transfer (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), SME support (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIBI
Title: Digital Innovation for Bavarian Industry
Country: Germany
Description: DIBI focuses on the digitalization of the manufacturing industry as one of the most important economic sectors in Bavaria - despite progressive structural change. Its share amounts to more than 30% of GNP and it strongly affects other sectors. About 87% of the companies here are SMEs. They face severe transformation challenges due to digitalization, decarbonization, decrease of combustion drives, energy shortage, shortage of skilled staff and increase of costs. A second focus of the DIBI consortium lies on digital transformation of public authorities which still lack behind and hinder sustainable and citizen-friendly operations. Thus, DIBI aims to support manu-facturing-oriented companies (SMEs and small mid-caps), start-ups, and public organizations in Bavaria by stimulating, enabling, and accelerating digital innovations and therefore foster competitiveness and sustaina-ble solutions. The eight partners of EDIH DIBI consortium located in North, West and South of Bavaria are close to the customers in whole Bavaria. DIBI provides a portfolio of 100+ client services distributed over four cus-tomer-centric work packages and focusing on Analytics and AI, Digital powered Manufacturing and Cyber Re-silience. Already 64 services of them are available at project start and can be provided to other EDIHs on de-mand. Every service type is specified in a detailed price list (annex 1). Strong synergies will be leveraged by a structured collaboration with EEN Bavaria2Europe, also coordinated by BI. Pre-existing collaborations with a significant number of (E)DIHs have already established European corridors which can be built upon. KPIs are set to indicate the progress in numbers of served clients with basic/advanced services, while qualitative excel-lence will be monitored continuously. We expect significant long-term impact on the competitiveness of our target customers by providing knowledge transfer and skills development as well as test-based decisions for investments.
Contact Person(s): Dominik Rother
Phone: +49 162 1369-919
Email: edih@bayern-innovativ.de
Location: Am Tullnaupark 8, 90402 Nürnberg, Germany
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: http://www.edih-dibi.com
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Textiles (moderate involvement), Polymers and plastics (low involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Field trial (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Robotics (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIG-4K
Title: Innovation and Training Park (ITP)
Country: Kosovo
Description: The Digital Innovation Gateway for Kosovo (DIG-4K) project seeks to harness and foster digital transformation in Kosovo, a country at the Balkan crossroads facing unique socio-economic challenges and opportunities. 
The initiative is led by the Innovation and Training Park in Prizren (ITP) and aims to establish Kosovo as a hub for digital innovation and training. The project's objectives revolve around empowering local businesses, educational institutions, civil society organizations, and public stakeholders, thereby creating an ecosystem that supports entrepreneurial success and drives digital innovation at local, national, and regional levels. 
DIG-4K targets a wide range of groups including MSMEs, startups, industry associations, technology firms, public sector entities, educational institutions, CSOs, and rural communities. It aims to cater to the needs of Kosovo's diverse population, which is about 1.78 million, focusing on enhancing digital skills, supporting entrepreneurship, and promoting digital technology adoption across various sectors such as e-commerce, fintech, healthcare, education, and agriculture.
Contact Person(s): Besmir Krasniqi
Phone: 38349737375
Email: besmir.krasniqi@itp-prizren.com
Location: Uke Bytyqi, 20000 Prizren, Kosovo
Type: EDIH
Website: https://itp-prizren.com/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Software Architectures (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
