NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: Ketenstandaard Bouw en Techniek
Title: Ketenstandaard Bouw en Techniek
Country: Netherlands
Description: Ketenstandaard isa non-profit organization. The industry associations support and create this non-profit operation. We are independent as a non-profict organisation. Itcreates trust in the market. The standards are open.The governance of the organization consists entirely out of market participants who determine the direction and policies of the Ketenstandard.
Ketenstandaard Bouw en Techniek has the ambition to improve the effectiveness and productivity of the entire construction and technology sector through digitalisation and standardisation. This is in line with the ambitions of the ‘Bouwagenda’, which emphasises the need for collaboration trough trust, next to expedited digitalisation and information within the sector. Ketenstandaard aims to stimulate in a most practical manner, a flawless and speedy data-exchange in every phase of the construction process, through one electronic language. This language is encoded in open, independent information standards, meant to meet the standards of the BIM-developments legislation, and thus constitute a strong foundation for the different standards.
The DICO Standard is supporting the local SMEs with their digital transformation. Smaller companies can freely use the DICO EDI Standard. This way we help the whole Dutch construction industry to "think" IT. And also with the ETIM Standard we help small installers and contractors to control product data. This way they can find products better and order them faster.Please make sure that the website targets the DIH and includes the services provided.
More activity supporting members (SME's):
- Helpdesk / support
- Implementation manuals
- Meetings to inform parties
- Conferences
- Management environment available
- Validation tooling is available
- Complete package of examples
- Technical schemas are managed for all standards
- Multiple standards for use
Contact Person(s): D'Hooghe Luuk
Phone: +31 88 1500 800
Email: l.dhooghe@ketenstandaard.nl
Location: Horaplantsoen 16, Ede, Netherlands
Type: DIH
Website: https://ketenstandaard.nl/
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Krakow Technology Park
Title: Krakow Technology Park
Country: Poland
Description: Krakow Technology Park (KTP) is a responsible for managing the technology park and special economic zone. Its mission is to support innovative technology oriented businesses at all stages of development from start-ups to SMEs and large enterprises offering them a variety of services. Companies may benefit from office space, advisory services and trainings in business management, product and service development, new technology trends, IPR etc. Having access to know-how on living lab methodology and also knowing the problems, challenges and constraints that start-ups face during the product and/or service development phase, KTP created a new service to support companies - Krakow Living Lab. Krakow Living Lab is a platform for testing products/ services in the conditions in which they are actually used, that is within the city tissue composed of streets, squares, parks, municipal transport, etc.
Krakow Technology Park is one of the key actors in co-creating and implementing the Regional Innovation Strategy and promoting smart specialization and user-driven innovation approaches in the region. It was established in 1997 as the joint initiative of city authorities, Malopolska regional authorities and Krakow’s three largest universities: Krakow University of Technology, AGH University of Science and Technology and the Jagiellonian University.
KTP is member of: International Association of Science Parks and Areas of Innovation, European Business and Innovation Centres Network, European Network of Living Labs, Business and Innovation Centers Association in Poland, The Cracow Chamber of Commerce and Industry, 3 regional clusters: Digital Entertainment, The Krakow Film, MakeIT.
Contact Person(s): Przybylski Wojciech
Phone: 48126401940
Email: biuro@kpt.krakow.pl
Location: Podole 60, Kraków, Poland
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.kpt.krakow.pl/en/
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: La Lonja Tech
Title: La Lonja Tech
Country: Spain
Description: La Lonja is an initiatie of the Port Authority of Huelva and Telefonica. La Lonja is an innovation center to promote the socio-economic development of the port sector by working toghether with companies, institutions and entreoreneurs.
Our programmes:
Startup acceleration Programme with an annual call.
FIWARE Tech Programme aailable all year round to integrate and develop solutions based on FIWARE technnology.
 
 
Our Services:
Access to free workspace.
Technnical support and specialized FIWARE training.
Personalized mentoring by specialists from different business areas.
Mdia support and promotion.
Contacts, access to investors and financing tools.
Innovation challenges and chances to pilot your solution at the Port facilities.
Telefonica´s Perks on cutting-edge market tools.
Opportunities for close contact with companies in the Open Future ecosystem.
Keynote speeches, whether you prefer to participate or just attend.
Contact Person(s): Pereira Rocío Diaz
Phone: 34669775532
Email: rocio.diaz.pereira@lalonja.tech
Location: Puente muelle de levante, 1 21001 huelva, 21001 Huelva Huelva, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://lalonja.tech/
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: La Salle Technova Barcelona
Title: La Salle Technova Barcelona
Country: Spain
Description: La Salle Technova Barcelona Highlights
La Salle Technova Innovation Park (Technova Barcelona) is the innovation park at La Salle–URL,
(www.technovabarcelona.org). Its mission is to provide a high-quality environment for the
development of new technology-based companies and foster technological innovation in SMEs in
the Catalan region. It offers an end-to-end service to new and existent organizations interested in
growing through technological innovation.
Technova connects the R&D capabilities of La Salle–URL with the demands and needs of
organizations in Catalonia. Technova Barcelona coordinates a network of business angels’
investors to provide additional funding sources to the start-ups of the park.
Technova Barcelona incubates over 25 startups that are developing new products and services,
most of them with a strong technological innovation component. Over 50 established companies
in the region use Technova Barcelona innovation and acceleration services in a regular basis.
Technova offers entrepreneurship advice, mentoring programs, innovation consulting, technology
valuation, innovation matchmaking, and technology valuation and transfer to their network of
associated companies and external clients. Furthermore, its extended network includes other
innovation and science parks, start-ups accelerators, a network of individual and corporate
investors, and institutional stakeholders in the promotion of the innovation ecosystem of the
region.
Technova Barcelona is member of the IASP (International Association of Science Parks). Within
this network of more than 400 Science and Technology Parks, Technova Barcelona provides a
challenge call service for innovator companies of Catalonia. Technova calls can reach more than
5000 technological start-ups that can forward solutions to address the challenge. This service
allows Catalan companies to propose cutting-edge technological challenges that can be
transformed to a call to IASP members.
La Salle Technova Barcelona History
La Salle Technova Innovation Park was born in 2001 for developing the third function of the
university, taking advantage of the Education (Talent) and the Research (Technology) of La Salle
Campus Barcelona. In 2016, Technova won the Award as one of the Top 10 Accelerators in
Europe. In 2017, Technova received the Award of the best Business Angel Network by the
Spanish Association of Business Networks (AEBAN). Nowadays host the Presidency of the
International Association of Science Parks and Areas of Innovation (400 Parks in 80 countries).
Contact Person(s): Pique Josep Miquel
Phone: (+34)636467150
Email: jmpique@TechnovaBarcelona.org
Location: Sant joan de la salle, 42, Barcelona, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://technovabarcelona.org/
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Laboratory for Advanced Mechatronics - LAMA FVG
Title: Laboratory for Advanced Mechatronics - LAMA FVG
Country: Italy
Description: The Laboratory for Advanced Mechatronics - LAMA FVG - is an international excellence center for industrial product and process innovation, aimed at biomedical, automotive, mechanical and energy sectors.
We develop, innovate, produce mechanical components and fixtures, advanced mechatronics systems using the most recent technologies of virtual engineering, 3D printing, collaborative robotics and digital factory tools by following Industry 4.0 principles.
Contact Person(s): Sortino Marco
Phone: +39 3204366011
Email: sortino@uniud.it
Location: Via sondrio 2, Udine, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.lamafvg.it
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Laser Digital Innovation Hub (LaserLT DIH)
Title: Laser Digital Innovation Hub (LaserLT DIH)
Country: Lithuania
Description: LaserLT DIH – the technology-based non-for-profit hub established a few years ago as the continuation of FP7 APPOLO project. The HUB integrates the whole concept value chain from identifying problems in existing manufacturing processes and new opportunities, offering potential technology solutions and innovations, testing technologies in industrial-grade laboratories, transferring novel research knowledge to manufacturing directly with a search of funding sources and broad-spectrum services for incubation of new technologies. LaserLT DIH is a single one-stop-shop providing access to the latest photonics related knowledge, experience and technologies to improve businesses by digitalising manufacturing processes, products and services.
The vision of Laser LT DIH is to become the strongest DIH on lasers, photonics and advanced manufacturing in Northern-East part of Europe through the development of three main pillars:
1. Competence in laser technologies (Department of Laser Technologies of FTMC);
2. Business support and access to finance (Science and Technology Park);
3. Access to industry (Laser and Engineering Technologies Cluster - LITEK).
Through cooperation in RTD to develop, validate and provide for manufacturing SMEs the world-class laser and engineering technologies. Services provided by DIH will be research, development, designing, prototyping, validation of technologies and equipment, test-batch production, the attraction of funds, market research, incubation and commercialisation. Pilot lines combining laser technologies with complementary ones are under construction to speed up the technology transfer to SMEs. Tight connections with similar DIHs on laser-based manufacturing and advanced manufacturing is established. APPOLO HUB is an initial point, and new H2020 project on Laser DIH is ready to start. The regional network of DIHs for local industry support is under discussion.
Contact Person(s): Račiukaitis Gediminas
Phone: +370 5 2644868; +370 687 25672
Email: gediminas.raciukaitis@ftmc.lt
Location: Savanorių ave. 231, 02300 Vilnius, Lithuania
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.laserlt-dih.lt/en/
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: L-DIH
Title: Luxembourg Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Luxembourg
Description: L-DIH is the nation-wide EDIH for Luxembourg (LU). L-DIH focuses on the Manufacturing sector, including logistics. Technologically, we will focus mainly on HPC and Cybersecurity to become a EU EDIH lighthouse in the 2. As one-stop-shop for digital transformation, we will also support the digital transformation endeavours for any technologies (AI, 5G, IoT, robotics...). Our consortium consists of 5 key partners in the LU ecosystem (the national innovation agency, 1 RTO, 1 university and 2 competence centres), 3 associated partners, working closely with 2 national ministries (economy and communication). L-DIH expands on the existing mature innovation ecosystem by deploying 18 new digital transformation services. These services were carefully designed to on one hand integrate L-DIH in the LU ecosystem and leverage the existing services, and on the second hand bridge with the EU digital initiatives. With the consortium, L-DIH bridges with the HPC and Cybersecurity national competence centres to seamlessly leverage the EU efforts in both. We will work according to a structured funnel approach from Inform > Inspire > Engage declined in the 4 EDIH pillars. In stage 1, Inform, we show digitalization opportunities and benefit. In stage 2, Inspire, we work with small groups of common interest SMEs, In stage 3, Engage, we work directly with the SME in a customized digital transformation roadmap. Over 3 years, we will inform more than 250 SMEs multiple time, inspire 125 multiple times and engage at least 72 SMEs. We will self-assess our services and methodologies, along with the continuous market and ecosystem evolutions. We will draw expect to discover which best practices which will be exchanged with the EDIH network. As a member of the EDIH network, we establish a cross-border cooperation with the EDIH from the Greater Region (BE, FR, DE) and we will establish more than 15 corridors. We will bridge heavily with the DTA to become a vibrant member of the EDIH network.
Contact Person(s): Philippe Mayer
Phone: +352 43 62 63 ‑ 676
Email: philippe.mayer@luxinnovation.lu
Location: 5 avenue des hauts fourneaux, 4362 Esch sur alzette, Luxembourg
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: High performance computing (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: LEAP EDIH
Title: LEAP EDIH: Empowering SMEs and Public Services through Digitalization and Cross-Sector Collaboration in Western Ukraine
Country: Ukraine
Description: In today’s fast-changing technological landscape, digital transformation has become critical to ensuring the competitiveness and resilience of businesses and public services. The LEAP European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) is designed to empower small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and the public sector in Western Ukraine to harness the potential of digital technologies. By leveraging expertise in cybersecurity, IoT, AI, and other cutting-edge digital solutions, the LEAP EDIH provides essential services such as testing before investing, workforce training and skills development, support for accessing investments, and networking opportunities with innovation ecosystems.
With a strong regional presence across Lviv, Ternopil, Khmelnytskyi, Volyn, and Rivne, the LEAP EDIH capitalizes on Lviv's position as a technological hub and the most prominent IT center in Western Ukraine. Backed by the Lviv IT Cluster, Ukraine’s most prominent technology association, and its partners, the LEAP EDIH builds on over a decade of experience supporting digital transformation, fostering public-private collaboration, and enhancing regional competitiveness.
The LEAP EDIH aims to strengthen regional industries, including the creative economy, bioeconomy, healthcare, tourism, and manufacturing, by facilitating the adoption of innovative digital tools. The LEAP EDIH seeks to enhance the region’s digital maturity and drive sustainable economic growth through cross-sector collaboration, digital upskilling, and international partnerships. Expected outcomes include increased digital adoption, enhanced workforce readiness, and stronger connections between Ukrainian SMEs, public entities, and European digital innovation networks.
Contact Person(s): Svitlana Skrypka
Phone: 3.80675E+11
Email: svitlana.skrypka@itcluster.lviv.ua
Location: 3 Ulasa Samchuka St, Lviv, Lviv oblast, 79011, Ukraine
Type: EDIH
Website: https://itcluster.lviv.ua/en/
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Consumer products (high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (very high involvement), Defence (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Legal Aspects (very high involvement), Personal services (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), wholesale or distribution (high involvement), Security (very high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), BI tools (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (very high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: LIH
Title: Location Innovation Hub
Country: Finland
Description: The Location Innovation Hub (LIH) is a centre of excellence in location information coordinated by the Finnish Geospatial Research Institute. LIH services are produced in conjunction with a partner network.
Watch the video: What is Location Innovation Hub?
How we operate?
Our customers are particularly companies that want to solve the challenges of digitalisation and strengthen their competitiveness. We also serve the public sector.  Our customers can make their operations more efficient by developing data interoperability, using precise positioning and new generation positioning technologies. We produce tools and  test environments and provide consultation, and training, as well as provide support through networking for companies to obtain funding.  Our development work focuses on four different themes:

the built environment
bioeconomy
health and wellbeing
transport, logistics and traffic.

In these sectors, our customers can develop businesses related to artificial intelligence, high performance computing and cybersecurity. 
What is our goal?
In accordance with the European Data Strategy, interoperable information combined with location information is an indispensable resource for developing competitiveness and innovation capacity. Our activities are aimed at making efficient use of data spaces, for example on developing digital twins. Our goal is to create a functional, permanent location innovation ecosystem for seeking funding, testing services and developing new innovations in Europe.   The Location Innovation Hub, supported by the European Commission, is one of the four digital innovation hubs in Finland (EDIH) and is part of the European network of innovation hubs.
Contact Person(s): Antti JAKOBSSON
Phone: 3.58506E+11
Email: antti.jakobsson@nls.fi
Location: Vuorimiehentie 5, 02150 Espoo, Finland
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.locationinnovationhub.eu/
Active Sectors: Smart City (very high involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement), Security (low involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Location-based applications (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Logistics (very high involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Linz Center of Mechatronics GmbH
Title: Linz Center of Mechatronics GmbH
Country: Austria
Description: LCM is a mechatronic research center and as such, has a long experience of product design. With the organizational areas “Drives” (electric and hydraulic), “Sensors and Wireless Communication”, and “Mechanics and Control” LCM is a solution provider in many different industrial sectors. LCM is is registered as non-profit research organisation in the European Commission Participant Register.
A Core element within LCM is its simulation and modeling know-how which is utilized in process description, automatic machinery design, digital twin creation, predictive maintenance and assistance systems.
LCM hosts and operates its SyMSpace platform that allows autonomous design principles simulation and optimization processes. Within Artificial intelligence, these digital process handling and applying are a vital pillow for further progress (besides machine learning).
The know-how within SyMSpace have leveraged LCM for automation of knowledge-work and have contributed to LCM's white paper on knowledge engines and the network of knowledge engines.
It is the next evolution step beyond the internet of data and is currently piloted at LCM in diverse joint research activities and in open foresight and its overall research strategy.
Contact Person(s): Klinglmayr Johannes
Phone: 4.37322E+12
Email: johannes.klinglmayr@lcm.at
Location: Altenbergerstr. 69, Linz, Austria
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.lcm.at
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: LTU AI Innovation Hub
Title: LTU AI Innovation Hub
Country: Sweden
Description: LTU AI Innovation Hub
Making northern Sweden the leading region in Applied AI.
The initiative supportsa strong innovation system for growth in the AI industry, a Digital Innovation Hub as a base, in collaboration, research, innovation, applied test-driven development, education and clustering.
The main financier is the European Regional Development Fund and Luleå University of Technology (LTU), Luleå municipality, Skellefteå municipality and Region Norrbotten. Other sources are EU H2020, Interreg and the Swedish National Innovation Agency. The hub has a non-for-profit aim (funding organisations e.g LTU are mentioned above which makes the hub operations possible) and primary target group is SMEs. The Luleå University of Technology (LTU) as the host for the hub guarantees the non-for-profit organisation. To be more precise the hub is operated by two research and innovations centres at LTU i.e.Centre for Distance-spanning Technology (CDT) andProcessIT Innovation.
The chosen focus of the hub is inline with the Norrbotten Smart specialisation strategy (S3) also known as Norrbotten Regional Innovation Strategy (RIS). One of the regional strengths, the core of the Norrbotten economy is nature based economy i.e mineral resources, forest resources and a unique energy infrastructure.
The initiative offers a number ofactivities towards regional companies:
-Company visitsto identify needs,issues and to talk aboutthe potential of AI
-Create meeting places for strategic information work
-Active support for the development of research-based or other innovative solutions
-Possibility for researchers to work in thecompanies for some time
-Develop and implement long (20 months) and for short (10 months) collaborative projects out of real needs and issues that have emerged in meetings with the industry
-Organizing knowledge-enhancing workshops focusing on current topics relevant to the development of AI and machine learning
 
Reference document:https://www.norrbotten.se/sv/Utveckling-och-tillvaxt/Regional-utveckling-och-framtid/Regionalt-utvecklingsuppdrag/Norrbottens-innovationsstrategi/
Contact Person(s): Nilsson Michael
Phone: +46 70 2884520
Email: Michael.Nilsson@ltu.se
Location: Luleå University of Technology, 971 87 Luleå, Sweden
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.ltu.se/ai
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: LUBDIGHUB
Title: Establishment of European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) in Lubelskie region Poland
Country: Poland
Description: Project's goal is to establish and run a regional European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) named LUBDIGHUB in Lublin, Poland. The hub will act as a one-stop shop for the companies in the digital and green (energy) transformation. It will provide complex services to support the deployment of new technologies and innovation to SMEs and public sector organisations conducting non-economic activities. The targeted number of customers is 100. It will support developing capacities in High Performance Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, Advanced Digital Skills. The specialization of LUBDIGHUB is green (energy) transformation. LUBDIGHUB consortium expertise comes from both private companies (solution providers) and local higher educational institutions. The hub will offer customized solutions based on a agile collaborative business model.
Contact Person(s): Marcin Marczuk
Phone: +48 502664036
Email: m.marczuk@fundacja.lublin.pl
Location: Józefa franczaka "lalka", 43, 20-325 Lublin (lubelskie, lublin, lublin), Poland
Type: Seal of Excellence
Active Sectors: Energy (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
