NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: OuluHealth
Title: OuluHealth
Country: Finland
Description: The rapidly evolving digitalisation of health and wellbeing requires new knowledge and collaboration models to accelerate growth globally. Small to medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) need to increase their business development expertise and capabilities in the field of digital health. Health care providers need to speed up their adoption of digital innovations and assess the impact of digital solutions on healthcare processes. New collaborative action models at the European level will speed up this development and knowledge building.
OuluHealth is one of the leading digital health innovation ecosystems in Europe. Members of the OuluHealth ecosystem represent the whole spectrum of health and social care, including specialised medical care, primary health and social care, health and wellbeing industry and commerce, health technology research and education, and citizens.
The main stakeholders of OuluHealth are Oulu University Hospital (OYS), University of Oulu, Oulu University of Applied Sciences, VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland, and BusinessOulu and the Department of Healthcare and Social Welfare of the City of Oulu. The OuluHealth ecosystem also encompasses more than 600 health and life science companies, at least 240 of which are high-tech companies (http://ouluhealth.fi/companies/ ). The ecosystem approach enables the combination of a broad range of expertise, from wireless information technologies and the life sciences to smart information and communication technology (ICT) solutions for delivering advanced, personalised, connected health service solutions. OuluHealth has close and tangible co-operation with SuperIOT, 5G test network Finland and Printocent Digital Innovation Hubs (DIH). Good example of this co-operation is for instance OYS to be the first hospital to test 5G-technology. The principal idea of OuluHealth is to facilitate open collaboration and to accelerate innovation by bringing together various partners to contribute to the needs of the healthcare sector and business growth in the modern digital era. This collaboration model promotes economic growth, capacity building and research and development and innovation (R&D&I) investments in select focus areas.
The recently established DigiHealth Knowledge Hub will connect companies to the latest knowledge, expertise and technology. The Hub is speeding up the adoption of digital innovation and building a joint national network for digital health research and innovation. The DigiHealth Knowledge Hub is integrated nationally and internationally with the health sector’s growth strategy implementation actions, RDI programmes and EU-level thematic platforms.
The OuluHealth ecosystem supports companies in developing their ideas into market-ready products and services by providing support in activities such as identifying opportunities for digitalisation, bringing together relevant stakeholders, providing testing and piloting platforms and environments, offering services for growth and internationalisation, and hands-on training.

Opportunities for collaborative research and innovation: OuluHealth supports companies, researchers and healthcare professionals to collaborate on research and innovation. The ecosystem model facilitates innovation platforms for multi-stakeholder development projects and startups within digital health. It creates synergies with international research and innovation networks and builds up new partnerships to highlight trends and gaps in policies in the arena of person-centred digital health.
Innovative testing and piloting environments: OuluHealth provides a world-class development and testing environment, OuluHealth Labs, for testing innovations throughout the entire service chain: hospitals and health and social centres as well as in patients’ homes. In this way, companies have a unique opportunity to develop their solutions under authentic conditions and receive valuable feedback from healthcare professionals and end-users.
Digital integration platform: OuluHealth Labs provides an open sandbox for developers to simulate the integration of digital technologies in hospital environments and simulate the change opportunities embedded in the digital process for health providers.
Business development: OuluHealth offers health and life science companies tailor-made business development support, which includes financing and business modelling, internationalisation, media contacts and invest-In services. The ecosystem helps to find investors and the right partners, increase visibility and reach international markets.
Knowledge building and support (DigiHealth Knowledge Hub): OuluHealth offers access to expert services and innovation networks to explore and exploit emerging technologies (AI, deep learning, big data analytics, etc.) in the next-generation digital solutions develops new assessment methods for digital healthcare solutions. OuluHealth shares best practices in the implementation of digital technologies and developing data-intensive service solutions and personalised health and care. OuluHealth is building innovation networking opportunities regionally, nationally and in EU thematic platforms
Matchmaking: OuluHealth organises events such as the ecosystem and demo days to support the growth and needs of the market. It understands the needs and challenges of companies, provides information about novel digital solutions for health and social care professionals, and provides new knowledge and research to support digital transformation.
Training events: OuluHealth and the Faculty of Medicine from the University of Oulu together with the Finnish Medical Association and industry organise education and training events for students, where they can learn to efficiently use new digital systems in their future work as well as test and evaluate health IT solutions. Moreover, by participating, eHealth companies get a chance to obtain first-hand feedback from 5th-level medical students.

Innovation networks of OuluHealth
The OuluHealth ecosystem has active partnerships with researchers, business networks, and regional, national and international networks and alliances.
On the EU level, OuluHealth is a member of the European Connected Health Alliance, EU COST-Action network: European Network for the Joint Evaluation of Connected Health Technologies (ENJECT) and Digital Health Society Task Forces, which are building EU-level strategies and proposing actions (Action plan 2018) in digital health. The City of Oulu has been granted EIP-AHA reference site status. Oulu’s evidence for status as a reference site is largely based on the OuluHealth ecosystem and its OuluHealth Labs operation. OuluHealth is an active member of the Nordic reference site collaboration with EIP-AHA. Furthermore, OuluHealth has applied to host the EU mHealth Hub and the bid has passed the first evaluation stage.
By building a network of Nordic collaborators, OuluHealth aims to strengthen cooperation at both the strategic and operational levels. A good example of this is the network of Nordic Test Beds (NoTeB). Long collaboration with Nordic partners generated the Nordic Proof testing collaboration network, which OuluHealth will be a member of beginning in 2019. These active interactions with European innovation networks ensure the formation of strong strategic partnerships, as well as rapid and broad implementation of novel solutions and action models in innovation ecosystems.
On the regional level, OuluHealth has strong collaborations with Allied ICT Finland, which brings together several domain-specific DIHs, such as Super IOT, PrintoCent, Arctic Drone Labs and 5G test network Finland as well as services like Analytics+ in Finland. OuluHealth is one of the five innovation ecosystems of the Oulu Innovation Alliance (OIA), which is a regional strategic collaboration model with committed stakeholders. The collaboration model has proven to be an excellent ecosystem model for public-private-people partnership cooperation at the regional, national and international level. OIA’s four other ecosystems are Agile Commercialisation, ICT & Digitalisation, Industry 2026, and Northern City with Attractive Opportunities.
More info: www.ouluhealth.fi
Contact Person(s): Minna Komu
Phone: +358 50 591 7721
Email: minna.komu@businessoulu.com
Location: Hallituskatu 36b, Oulu, Finland
Type: DIH
Website: http://ouluhealth.fi
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: P.R.I.D.E.
Title: POLO REGIONALE PER L'INNOVAZIONE DIGITALE EVOLUTA
Country: Italy
Description: PRIDE – Polo Regionale per l’Innovazione Digitale Evoluta (Regional Pole For Advanced Digital Innovation) intends to support the digital transformation of the SMEs operating in strategic sectors of Campania (transport, biotech, utility, agri-food, fashion). PRIDE will offer services capable of supporting and accelerating the digital transformation of the region’s economy and industry in Campania, allowing businesses, citizens and public administrations to benefit from its advantages. PRIDE aims at addressing these challenges:1) Create the Regional Supply Chain of Digital Services according to a Hub and Spoke model 2) Accelerate the digital transition of strategic regional production systems through an offer at discounted prices (indirect incentives) of qualified and differentiated services to support SMEs and PA investments in cutting-edge 4.0 technologies and by improving access to innovative financial instruments 3) Support human capital qualification processes towards the development of advanced digital skills 4) Promote a Sustainable digitalization by building Digital Communities in synergies with European, national and regional policy on digitization and 4.0 technologies including S3. This will be achieved by a) activating the critical mass of skills and instrumental resources capable of generating a flexible and modular service platform through consortium partners (CAMPANIA DIH, MEDITECH,CERICT,DIITET-CNR ) and b) implementing a 36-month workplan encompassing 5 work packages: the first transversal to ensure the coordination and monitoring of activities and the others functionalized to achieve specific competing objectives to implement PRIDE’s mission: that is to support the DX of the SMEs and PAs in the Campania Region by promoting the use of solutions based on ADTs, also in combination with KETS. It is estimated that 350 SMEs and 10 PAs will benefit from PRIDE's services which will foster processes of environmental sustainability and social inclusion.
Contact Person(s): Edoardo Imperiale
Phone: 3.90816E+11
Email: info@campaniadih.it
Location: Piazza dei martiri 58, 80121 Napoli NA, Italy
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Textiles (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PAI
Title: Public Administration Intelligence
Country: Italy
Description: Public Administration Intelligence (PAI) is focused on the applicative area of public services to citizens, delivered by Public Administrations (PA) and, increasingly, by Social Economy Organiszations (SEO). The convergence of these two actors in delivering services is particularly strong in Italy, where after the reform of the third sector, SEOs have been invested to role of co-programming and co-designing with PAs that have to ensure their active involvement in the exercise of their functions of planning and organiszation at the territorial level of interventions and services in the sectors of activity of general interest. Thus, PAIs targets are (PAs) and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) frorm the social economy (SE) sector in Friuli Venezia Giulia, Piedmont and the Aosta Valley in northern Italy delivering public services to citizens. PAI coordinates public and private ICT providers, a university, a Digital Innovation Hub (DIH), training agency from the SE, an independent financial consultant, and representatives of the target. The expertise is focused on artificial intelligence (AI), high performance computing (HPC) (as part of the EuroHPC Digital Europe (DE) programme), cybersecurity, blockchain and technologies for social good and e-participation of citizens, but it does not disregard higher technology readiness level (TRL) solutions given the low level of digitalization of its customers. To ensure a truly European dimension, PAI will coordinate with the Digital Transformation Accelerator (DTA), will connect with other EDIHs around EU, but it will also liaise with the world of sSocial eEconomy around Europe and beyond via the DIESIS partner, a network of second- level SEOs. Its pipeline of services includes: 1) networking, 2) a digital maturity assessment and a green assessment 3) co-creation of services with citizens via participation platforms, testing before investing 4) training 5) support to financing.
Contact Person(s): Elena VIERO
Phone: +39.040.3737.111
Email: elena.viero@insiel.it
Location: Via San Francesco d'Assisi 43, 34133 Trieste TS, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://pai-edih.eu
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PBDH
Title: Portugal Blue Digital Hub
Country: Portugal
Description: Portugal Blue Digital Hub (PBDH) is a consortium of 17 entities, led by Forum Oceano (FO), Portugal’s Blue Economy Cluster. PBDH aims to promote circularity, decarbonisation and the digital transition, by stimulating entrepreneurship, testing and demonstration, attracting foreign investment, training in digital skills and developing services in AI, Blockchain and Big Data. To achieve those ambitious goals, we will provide:

advanced training in the digital and sustainability domains.
access to data from the Portuguese Ocean and Coasts to support developing, testing and demonstrating new solutions.
innovation and acceleration programs, with specific challenge owners representative of the Portuguese Blue Economy sectors.
access to a blue tech Test Network, including a Dual Use test location, to test/demonstrate your solution in the Atlantic Ocean environment and get a performance seal.
access to events with an international and diverse Investors Club willing to invest in Blue Tech Solutions.
Recognized with a Seal of Excellence by the European Commission, the Portugal Blue Digital Hub stands out for its quality and impact at national and European levels.

Get involved. 
Follow us on LinkedIn 
Subscribe our newsletter
Contact Person(s): Carlos Pinho
Phone: 3.5122E+11
Email: carlos.pinho@forumoceano.pt
Location: Uptec polo do mar avenida da liberdade s/n, 4450-718 Matosinhos, Portugal
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://forumoceano.pt/pt/digital-hub/
Active Sectors: Maritime (very high involvement), Fishery (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Energy (high involvement), Defence (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Technological innovation (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Field trial (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PBN
Title: Pannon Business Network Association
Country: Hungary
Description: Pannon Business Network (PBN) was established in 2006, with the aim to contribute to the upgrade of the Western Hungarian business added value. It is the center for applied research and training to catalyze added value manufacturing connected both to industry and academia, enabling digital, sustainable, resilient and green business transformation. By realizing over 75 international applied research projects with 450+ European partners (50+ universities), having audited over 300 Hungarian manufacturing companies, PBN has an alone-standing knowledge of the Central European SME and mid-cap manufacturing market. The key related elements are: international applied research and cooperation projects - policy paper input provider - digital innovation hub service - university-connected technology transfer - city and regional development programme coordinator - EIT Manufacturing Hub functionality. PBN division: am-LAB - Advanced Manufacturing DIH is a dedicated training and applied R&D facility servicing primarily manufacturing SMEs. Tangible, added value applications are created from alone-standing digital devices. Key competency domains: 3D printing for product development, collaborative robotics solutions in agility production, human-machine interactions, AR solutions in production and education, and a 5-modules Teaching and Learning Factory environment for demonstration, experiment and prototyping. Over 3.000 people were educated about digitalization at 53 courses in 2020-21. On EIT’s Teaching and Learning Factories’ Competition, PBN has been selected to promote the use of the Teaching Factories educational methodology, by giving visibility to the benefits of academia-business collaborations in a context of manufacturing innovation, to skill youth and professionals in the moderate innovation ecosystem, thus valorising high levels technical skills. Examples of PBN contribution an involvement in European policy initiatives aimed at digitizing the industry: BEST DIH - Boosting European DIH Success Through a new funding mix approach, Interreg Europe programme, 01.03.2023. – 28.02.2027. The overall objective of the project is to improve the implementation of regional development policies in the field of digital transformation, thanks to the increased institutional capacities of the consortium partners, and therefore contribute to a SMARTER EUROPE. The implementation of these policies will take into account the key role that DIH/EDIHs can play and ensure the coordinated delivery of funding between different administration levels. SKALE2CT - Skills and Scale to Connect for Business Acceleration Services policy transfer, Interreg Europe programme, 01.03.2023. – 28.02.2027. The overall objective of SKALE2CT is to improve resources and capacities of public and intermediary organisations to improve Business Acceleration providers and services, in particular when it comes to scale-up phase. For such purpose, the partnership is composed by a group of public and private organisations with complementary experiences and competences. Specifically, among the main scaling-up resources to be targeted. From a mid-term perspective, the objective is to contribute to the maintenance and sustainable growth of MSMEs established in EU territories. This will contribute to the territorial challenge of becoming an innovation-friendly society & economy. SMART CIRCUIT - Enabling SMARTer, CIRCUlar digITal innovation hubs to enhance Central Europe’s manufacturing eco-system towards a greener & more competitive future, Interreg Central Europe programme, 01.04.2023.– 31.03.2026. Manufacturing is an important employer in central Europe. But it is also resource-intensive and produces much waste and emissions, especially in value chains related to the electronics, construction and textiles sectors. The SMART CIRCUIT project extends the scope of existing digital innovation hubs to promote circular economy practices. By connecting these hubs throughout central Europe, the partners increase knowledge on best practices and strengthen. DIH2 - „A Pan‐European Network of Robotics DIHs for Agile Production”, Horizon 2020, 01.01.2019- 31.12.2022. DIH² is a network of 26 DIHs, with a target to reach over 170 DIHs. The sole aim of the network is to spark incremental (cut 50% cost of advance robotics solutions, double the growth of robotics market) and disruptive (maximum productivity & optimum agility) innovations in over 300,000 Manufacturing SMEs and Mid-Caps. It will support SMEs in their Agile Production challenge (50% increase in productivity) and unleash their digitalization potential by enabling robot solutions that are more cost effective at lower lot sizes. AI REDGIO 5.0 - Regions and (E)DIHs alliance for AI-at-the-Edge adoption by European Industry 5.0 Manufacturing SMEs, Horizon Europe, 01.01.2023. – 31.12.2025. HORIZON-CL4-2022-TWIN-TRANSITION-01-06. AI REDGIO 5.0 aims at renovating and extending the H2020 I4MS AI REGIO alliance between Vanguard EU regions and DIHs for a competitive AI-at-the- Edge Digital Transformation of Industry 5.0 Manufacturing SMEs. AI REGIO outcomes (methods and tools for DIHs governance and cross-DIH collaboration; Data Space and AI for Manufacturing toolkit; Didactic Factories network and TERESA facilities; SME-driven experimentations in 14 Vanguard regions) will be extended to the I5.0 principles. AIRISE - Artificial Intelligence in Manufacturing for Sustainable Applications at SMEs, 01.01.2023. – 30.06.2026. Horizon Europe programme. The ARISE project will support European SMEs in the uptake of Artificial Intelligence applied to manufacturing, with a specific focus on the use of AI-enabled applications at the edge. The key objective for applications is a reduction of waste and carbon footprint while ensuring the resilient operation of manufacturing. The consortium will create an eco-system where the project’s AI experts will support experimenting SMEs and connect them to Digital Innovation Hubs and commercial companies to achieve real-world applications.
Contact Person(s): Matyas Lazary
Phone: 36306861380
Email: lazary@pbn.hu
Location: Győr, Gesztenyefa u.4., 9027, Hungary
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.am-lab.hu/
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Textiles (moderate involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
