NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: EDITH
Title: Enabling Digital Transformation in Hesse
Country: Germany
Description: EDITH will enable the region of South Hesse to be amongst the smartest and most sustainable regions in Europe, acting as a strong and driving member of the EDIH universe. Although our region is prosperous, vibrant and well-connected local SMEs, small midcaps and municipalities face the risk of being left behind in the accelerating digitalisation of industry, the pandemic has increased this threat. Our region shows a relatively low number of digitally advanced SMEs and public service entities (PSEs), the majority are generally not prepared to embrace new digital solutions. Our EDITH, Enabling Digital Innovation & Technology in Hesse, consortium uses its technological expertise to improve the digital maturity of the individual entities and of the region as a whole. The consortium consists of House of Digital Transformation, the coordinator, Fraunhofer, GSI Helmholtzzentrum für Schwerionenforschung, Hessian AI, Mittelstand Digitalzentrum Darmstadt (both part of TU Darmstadt) and TechQuartier. Partners offer their expertise in Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, High Performance Computing and Advanced Digital Skills to provide sustainable solutions and hands on support to strengthen Hessian retail, logistics/mobility, construction/facility management and the public sector. Besides us as direct beneficiaries, EDITH has a strong network of affiliated partners mainly from larger industries and finance. Our services include test environments, a broad variety of training, workshops, networking formats and support to find additional public and private funding. EDITH is well connected with EEN and other European regions in order to exchange knowledge and best practices. In a smart region everything is connected to everything else and this is where EDITH comes in: EDITH’s aim is to complement smart region and smart government strategies through smart SMEs. We are confident that we can bridge the digital divide to make our region even smarter and more sustainable.
Contact Person(s): Hauke Schlüter
Phone: +49 6151 – 35 32 590
Email: hs@hodt-hessen.de
Location: Mornewegstr. 30, 64293 Darmstadt, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: https://edith-hessen.de
Active Sectors: Public administration (very high involvement), wholesale or distribution (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (very high involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Prototyping (low involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), Regional development (low involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDOcobot
Title: EDIH Odense for deployment of collaborative robots (cobots) in many domains especially manufacturing and logistics
Country: Denmark
Description: Aim: The purpose of EDOcobot is to improve robot skills and increase the deployment of useful collaborative robots (cobots) in SMEs and small mid-caps and thereby support production in Denmark and Europe, supporting DIGITAL objectives. Method: We categorised end users according to their robot experience and general digital skills and have designed a set of services that cover the whole continuum. As experienced companies are already aware of many options and opportunities, our services focus particularly on beginner SMEs. Beginners are introduced to the variety of cobot systems and led to discover which would work best for them, how their factory needs to be reorganised for the cobot, and how this investment can be funded. “Robot-ready” SMEs are encouraged to deploy more cobots, also in other types of application, and to train more of their staff to operate and program cobots. “Innovator” SMEs are taught how to optimize the way they use cobots and are introduced to tech suppliers, while “Front-runners” are matched with tech developers (and perhaps research calls) so that their end-user challenge can contribute to the future direction of the tech. Expected results: All our customers develop a deeper understanding of cobots and how to use them to best advantage, increasing their hands-on digital skills. They also gain better knowledge of funding opportunities and interact with the wider robot ecosystem. More cobots are deployed in various industrial sectors, including those where robot penetration is traditionally low. Mitigation of the shortage of skilled labour, reduction in workplace injuries, more reliable product quality, less waste. Relevance to the call: Increasing the robot awareness and skills of “beginners” will have great impact on the overall digital skills of European SMEs. Improving European productivity will reduce our reliance on foreign supply chains. Cobots are an accelerating market, so the EDIH network needs a node with a pure cobot focus.
Contact Person(s): Lars Kristensen
Phone: +45 30 43 22 55
Email: larkr@erhvervshusfyn.dk
Location: Munkebjergvænget 1, 5230 Odense M, Denmark
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Robotics (very high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (moderate involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDUPARK
Title: EDUPARK Nonprofit Kft.
Country: Hungary
Description: EDUPARK Nonprofit Kft. as vocational training provider in the South Great Plain region with practical training centres in Kecskemét and in Szeged, coordinates the Digital Innovation Hub (DIH) in Kecskemét in cooperation with the regional stakeholders as DIH Partnership. DIH Partnership brings together the main players for industrial innovation in Kecskemét with extensive cooperation links to other knowledge centers in Hungary. The technology innovation activities within the DIH Partnership are coordinated by IQ Kecskemét Industrial Research Kft. Our objective is to establish an innovation hub for manufacturing and construction on the basis of IQ Kecskemét which is a physical location for open innovation in architecture and construction industry offering prototyping facilities (CNC machines, 3D scanners and printers), vocational training site and technology development services. The medium term vision of DIH Partnership is to become the acknowledged regional center for entrepreneurial support in digital transformation of the industry which can provide practical advice and support to the SMEs in the region for their activities in digital technology development. It shall lead to the development of an eco-system for innovation that can promote the innovation culture in the central region of Hungary because knowledge based economic development should not be constrained to the capital region of Budapest. The long term objective of DIH Partnership is to play an active role in transnational cooperation for innovation in Central Europe as regional center for industrial digitalization and open innovation in selected industrial sectors and also to foster cooperation and open innovation transnationally on European level. DIH Kecskemét is active player in the support of start-up companies and young individuals that have fresh new ideas having the potential for business by digital solutions. The Digital Welfare Programme (Digitális Jólét Programme) of the Hungarian government have already defined the strategic framework for the advancement of digitalisation in Hungary therefore the local actions of DIH Kecskemét can contribute to the national initiatives (p.e. Modern Vállalkozások Programja, INPUT Program). Education with focus on Digital Skills is a new function that is promoted by the Digital Welfare Programme for benefit of society and the economy in Hungary. Consequently – with the objective to improve the digitalization of companies – the vocational training centre within the DIH Partnership delivers high quality technicians with digital skills for the current and future jobs. It is achieved by dual education schemes that allow SMEs to have a significant role in professional development of younger generation and it shall improve the human capacity of the regional industry within a few years.
Contact Person(s): Tamas Gyulai
Phone: 36705059817
Email: gyulai.tamas@iqkecskemet.hu
Location: Kecskemét, Izsaki ut 8/d, 6000, Hungary
Type: DIH
Website: https://eu-mentor.hu/
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (very high involvement), Education (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (moderate involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (moderate involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EIGEN VERMOGEN VAN HET INSTITUUT VOOR LANDBOUW- EN VISSERIJONDERZOEK
Title: EIGEN VERMOGEN VAN HET INSTITUUT VOOR LANDBOUW- EN VISSERIJONDERZOEK
Country: Belgium
Contact Person(s): De Visscher Anneleen
Email: anneleen.devisscher@ilvo.vlaanderen.be
Location: Burgemeester van gansberghelaan 115 bus 1, Merelbeke, Belgium
Type: DIH
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EIT Digital Sweden
Title: EIT Digital Sweden
Country: Sweden
Description: EIT Digital is a leading European digital innovation and entrepreneurial education organisation driving Europe’s digital transformation.
EIT Digital delivers breakthrough digital innovations to the market and breeds entrepreneurial talent for economic growth and improved quality of life in Europe. It does this by mobilising a pan-European ecosystem of over 156 top European corporations, SMEs, start-ups, universities and research institutes.
As a Knowledge and Innovation Community of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology, EIT Digital is focused on entrepreneurship and is at the forefront of integrating education, research and business by bringing together students, researchers, engineers, business developers and entrepreneurs. This is done in our pan-European network of co-location centres in Berlin, Eindhoven, Helsinki, London, Paris, Stockholm, Trento, as well as in Budapest and Madrid. We also have a hub in Silicon Valley.
EIT Digital invests in strategic areas to accelerate the market uptake of research-based digital technologies focusing on Europe’s strategic, societal challenges: Digital Industry, Digital Cities, Digital Wellbeing, Digital Infrastructure and Digital Finance.
EIT Digital breeds T-shaped entrepreneurial digital talent focused on innovation through a blended Education Strategy that includes a Master School, Doctoral School and Professional School.
Contact Person(s): Fooladianpour Yassman
Phone: +46 72 502 29 92
Email: north@eitdigital.eu
Location: Torsgatan 11, Stockholm, Sweden
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.eitdigital.eu
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Elbfabrik of the Fraunhofer IFF
Title: Elbfabrik of the Fraunhofer IFF
Country: Germany
Description: The mission of the VDTC is to explore and promote the role of human operators in an ever-increasing digitized and automated production and work environment. Following an approach coined as “Digital Engineering and Operation”, the VDTC postulates the consistent and consequent use of digital data throughout the life cycle of a production and/or work system. Being able to fully retain and exploit data from and within all steps in the life cycle, from design, to testing, documentation, factory planning, training, operation to dismantling, offers the opportunity to radically change human machine interaction. The VDTC offers solutions for embedding human operators in a digitized and automated environment by providing assistance systems, which fully benefit from a virtual knowledge base established through the approach of digital engineering and operation.
Within this mission, the VDTC offers its services to companies of varying sizes from SME and Mid-Caps to large companies and international corporations. The VDTC’s solutions, moreover, provide for different customized approaches addressing companies on different innovation stages, from awareness raising and maturity level identification for newcomers to digitization, to insular solutions and services for starter companies, to full systems solutions for advanced companies.
Contact Person(s): Blobner Christian
Phone: +49 391 4090 371
Email: christian.blobner@iff.fraunhofer.de
Location: Joseph-von-fraunhofer str., 1, Magdeburg, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.dih-saxony-anhalt.de/
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: ENTIRE
Title: Intelligent and Secure Trustable Systems enabling Digital Transformation
Country: Ireland
Description: The ENTIRE European Digital Innovation Hub is a non-profit initiative focusing on organizations active in the digitalisation of Life Sciences / Healthtech, Agriculture, Energy and Transport sectors, advancing the exploration, exploitation, and investment by Irish SMEs and public authorities in the utilisation of intelligent secure IoT sensors, networks, and software. ENTIRE brings together the strongest innovation experts in digital technologies from across the Southern Region of Ireland. The ENTIRE Digital Innovation Hub’s strategic mission is to offer the innovation expertise of Tyndall in IoT Smart Sensors, Walton Institute in IoT Networks and HPC, MTU in Cybersecurity, UCC in Artificial Intelligence, and Skillnet in SME Digital Skills Onboarding as well as to broker all necessary technical, business, financial, investment and training support services across the value chain. By doing this, the ENTIRE Hub will help companies, in particular SMEs, start-ups, and public authorities to become more competitive by using digital technologies in their business/production processes, products or services. ENTIRE’s region spans nine counties (the six Munster counties as well as Kilkenny, Wexford, and Carlow), supported by 10 Local Authorities. The Southern Region hosts approx. 100,000 SMEs (employing over 295,000 people) and 386 Multinational Enterprises employing over 75,000 people. The ENTIRE central front-office will be located at the Tyndall campus in Cork but the EDIH will have locations in Cork (x3), Tralee, Waterford and Dublin. ENTIRE staff will have access to, and be accommodated, at each site.
Contact Person(s): Paul Galvin
Phone: 3.53212E+11
Email: paul.galvin@tyndall.ie
Location: Lee Maltings Complex, Dyke Parade, Cork, Co. Cork, Ireland
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://entire-edih.ie/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Prototyping (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Circular economy (moderate involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), optoelectronics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (very high involvement), Photonics (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EOSC DIH
Title: European Open Science Cloud Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Netherlands
Description: The EOSC DIH is an international and multi-partner cooperation that supports companies in easily accessing the digital technologies and services offered by the EOSC. It combines 4 main pillars to help companies become more competitive: 1) Pilot design and co-design: where pilots services or products are designed and/or tested; 2) Technical access: HTC, HPC, cloud computing, machine learning, research data, data management services, and several tools and applications; 3) Training and support: technical consultancy, business coaching, funding search; 4) Visibility: inclusion of company solutions in the EOSC Marketplace and exploiting the EOSC networking and ecosystem opportunities. The European Open Science Cloud is envisioned by the European Commission as a supporting landscape to foster open science and open innovation: a network of organisations and infrastructures from various countries and communities that supports the open creation and dissemination of knowledge and scientific data. The EOSC DIH contributes to the impact of the EOSC on the private sector facilitating access to advanced resources with special interest for innovative companies such as startups and spin-offs. The EOSC DIH was created and evolved under the EOSC umbrella (first under the EOSC hub project, later with EOSC Future and EOSC Beyond projects ) being the main industry engagement mechanism for the consumption of ESOC services by the private sector.
Contact Person(s): Elisa Cauhe
Phone: 34615303245
Email: elisa.cauhe@egi.eu
Location: Science park 140, 1098 XG Amsterdam, Netherlands
Type: DIH
Website: https://eosc-dih.eu/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (low involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Life sciences (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (low involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement), Real estate (low involvement), Security (moderate involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Space (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), BI tools (high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Mobility (low involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (low involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EPoSS e.V. - European Technology Platform on Smart Systems Integration
Title: EPoSS e.V. - European Technology Platform on Smart Systems Integration
Country: Germany
Description: EPoSS is a non-profit industry-driven membership organisation, defining R&D and innovation needs as well as policy requirements related to Smart Systems Integration (SSI) and integrated Micro- and Nanosystems. EPoSS is contributing to the European Growth strategy, the Digital Single Market strategy, the Digitising European Industry strategy, and the Smart Anything Everywhere Initiative. EPoSS provides a common European approach on Innovative Smart Systems Integration from research to production, covering TRL 2-7, defines priorities for common research and innovation in the future, formulates commonly agreed roadmaps for action, provides a Strategic Research Agenda, mobilises public and private resources, and supports its members in coordinating their joint research efforts and improving communication amongst the members as well as towards the European Commission.
EPoSS, in its capacity as a European Technology Platform, was set up in 2006, and was operational as an association - but without being a legal entity - until it became EPoSS e.V. in September 2013. EPoSS e.V. is a non-profit association according to German law. Its structure consists of Board, General Assembly, Executive Committee, Working Groups and Office. Below you can find the description of the EPoSS bodies and their main functions.
Contact Person(s): Office EPoSS
Phone: +49 30 31 00 78-155
Email: contact@smart-systems-integration.org
Location: Steinplatz 1, Berlin, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.smart-systems-integration.org
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: ER2Digit
Title: Emilia-Romagna Regional Ecosystem of Digital Innovation
Country: Italy
Description: ER2Digit is the European Digital Innovation Hub of the Emilia-Romagna region to promote the improvement of public services and the adoption of innovative digital solutions.
ER2Digit supports the digitalization of small and medium enterprises and public bodies through concrete tools, by providing the knowledge, skills and resources to improve their competitiveness in many sectors: health, construction, culture, tourism, monitoring of the territory and sustainability.
ER2Digit focuses mainly on artificial intelligence and supercomputing technologies to support the strategic use of data for the enhancement of public services, offering access to top-notch hardware and software infrastructures, while contributing to the assurance of trustworthy data processing. The Hub is built on core competences acquired in 20+ years of innovation policy of the Emilia-Romagna Region, that brought to the creation of an effective innovation ecosystem, made by many public and private actors who invested - and are still investing - in the delivery and adoption of new technologies and innovation across all economic and social sectors. 
PARTNER
A public partnership and an ecosystem to support the Hub
ER2Digit is the result of a partnership consisting of:

ART-ER, which brings its experience in implementing the innovation practices of the Emilia-Romagna region and in coordinating the local ecosystem and the hub itself.
LEPIDA, the main regional public player that supports the digitalization of the public bodies. It is an operational facility of the Emilia-Romagna Regional Authority for the development of telecommunications infrastructure, enabling services and applications, and a driver of the implementation and dissemination of Digital Agenda topics.
CINECA, a Consortium composed of 115 Italian universities and public institutions, is the largest computing centre in Italy and one of the main ones worldwide. CINECA hosts and manages LEONARDO, the world’s fourth supercomputer, which provides 20% of Europe’s and 80% of Italy’s computational power.

For its activities, ER2Digit also uses the skills and research and experimentation capabilities of the industrial research Laboratories of the Emilia-Romagna High Technology Network.
ER2Digit represents an opportunity for digital innovation and for the development of society and the data economy. It is one of the first results of the regional strategy for the creation of the Emilia-Romagna Data Valley.
ER2Digit freely provides its audience with FIRST Digital, the web platform that gathers news, events, access to financial and networking opportunities focused on digital transformation.
Contact Person(s): Ugo Mencherini/Lucia Mazzoni
Phone: +393484771746 (Mazzoni)
Email: er2digit@art-er.it
Location: Via Piero Gobetti 101, 40129 Bologna BO, Italy
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (high involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Life sciences (low involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (low involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (low involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: E-Secure Transactions Cluster - TES
Title: E-Secure Transactions Cluster - TES
Country: France
Description: A cluster that supports digital innovation
Normandy's Digital Competitive Cluster was created in 2005. Its aim is to become the reference in terms of innovation concerning high digital technology in the fields of Health, Tourism, Administration and Agriculture.
The mission of TES is to imagine and co-conceive the future ways of using technology in these fields. It identifies the needs and key challenges in order to develop innovation programmes that lead to improvements in terms of use, turnover, employment and region promotion.
Security and reliability
Drawing on its network of members and partners, the TES Cluster supports innovative and collaborative projects from the idea stage to product launch. Its priority is the security, interoperability and reliability of its innovations, thus rallying the New Industrial France programme for Data economy, Smart objects and Digital Trust.
The TES Cluster adapts to its markets, its environment and its members. It reveals technological innovations in fast-growing industries with strong national significance.
Contact Person(s): Scelles Magali
Phone: 33231536330
Email: magali.scelles@pole-tes.com
Location: 8 rue léopold sédar senghor, Colombelles, France
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.pole-tes.com/
------------------------------------------------------------
