NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: ECIPA
Title: ECIPA
Country: Italy
Description: Ecipa developed the following offer of services, which are delivered by the DIH: Orientation activities in the form of awareness-raising workshops about the potential of digital transformation; Assessment of company maturity vis à vis Industry 4.0; Demonstration activities to approach digital technologies practically (e.g. prototyping); Training for SMEs willing to approach digital transformation; Support to the drafting of feasibility analysis of digital transformation processes; Support to the elaboration of digital transformation strategy; Consulting services on how to introduce digital optimisation or innovation; Support for identification of and access to funding opportunities for digital innovation; Networking among relevant stakeholders; Support for scaling up digital transformation with the help of Competence Centers. In 2017, CNA Veneto nominated Ecipa as the organization tasked with the development and management of the Digital Innovation Hub (DIH)
Contact Person(s): Simona Aceto
Phone: 39041928638
Email: innovazione@ecipa.eu
Location: Via della pila 3/b, 30175 Marghera venezia VE, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: https://ecipahub.eu/en/home
Active Sectors: Automotive (moderate involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Education (moderate involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), wholesale or distribution (moderate involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), SME support (moderate involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDCASS
Title: EDIH CASSOVIUM
Country: Slovakia
Description: Mission of the project EDIH CASSOVIUM (EDCASS) is to support reinforcement of European critical digital technologies and their best use in green digital transformation of industrial and public ecosystems in the region of the Eastern Slovakia Region (ESK-REG). Consortium of three top-research and innovation institutions in ESK-REG – two internationally recognised universities Technical University in Košice (coordinator) and Pavol Jozef Šafárik University in Košice, and a highly recognised ICT cluster Košice IT Valley. ESK-REG consisting of Košice Self-governing Region and Prešov Self-governing Region, which in European context are classified as “less developing regions” has low level of innovation score and use of digital services, also low an unemployment rate (of 8.2 %) and level of average wages. Therefore, it is important that EDCASS ensures its digital transformation services are easily accessible to all SMEs (95+ % of all companies in ESK-REG) and public institutions. The key goal of EDCASS is to provide one-stop-shop support for four categories of EDIH services with an adequate, knowledge-based, and technically high-quality range of information technologies guaranteed by the ecosystem of the consortium partners. The consortium covers a wide range of multi-sectors and multi-dimensional ICT areas, which fall within research and educational competencies of all partners. EDCASS platform is based on three basic pillars: 1) Artificial Intelligence and Robotics; 2) Industry 4.0/5.0 concepts, application and implementation; 3) Cyber security solutions for commercial and public subjects. In line with its mission, these services and technologies are and will be supported by active links to European DIH, EDIH networks and other European networks (EEN, Startup Europe) and bilateral collaboration with suitable partner research and innovation institutions.
Contact Person(s): Miroslav Michalko
Phone: +421 905 645 420
Email: michalko@edihcassovium.sk
Location: Letná 1/9, 042 00 Košice, Slovakia
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.edihcassovium.sk
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement), Telecommunications (high involvement), Education (high involvement), Aeronautics (moderate involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Metal working and industrial production (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (very low involvement), Mining and extraction (very low involvement)
Provided Services: Prototyping (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement), Finance (low involvement), Circular economy (very low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), optoelectronics (low involvement), Gamification (very low involvement), High performance computing (very low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDI
Title: Elektronikas un datorzinatnu instituts
Country: Latvia
Description: EDI in Riga, Latvia is a non-profit public research institute founded in 1960. Currently, EDI is specializing in the development of Smart Embedded Cooperative Systems (SECS) in the fields of health, mobility, production and space. As EDI is the highest-rated scientific institution in Latvia in the field of engineering and technologies, employing 90+ researchers, we have a unique perspective, expertise and capacity to contribute to solving global challenges. Our mission is to perceive the world and design a better future by creating new knowledge, developing innovative technologies and demonstrating their practical significance in real-life applications. Our goal is to become an internationally recognized research organization and apply our SECS expertise in mobility, industry 4.0, health, digital life and space domains while working in the following research directions: * Extremely precise event timing incl. space domain * Remote sensing and space data processing * Robotics and machine perception * Signal processing and embedded intelligence * Smart sensors and IoT Our objectives to achieve the goal are in line with the challenges and ambitions of the Republic of Latvia and EU development policies, (e.g., the creation of innovative solutions for the digitalization of industry to increase its competitiveness; enhancement of data-based digital life knowledge to ensure the well-being of society; development and transfer of innovative ICT technologies to provide growth of the knowledge-intensive economy, etc.). More here. As we saw that our competencies and developed technologies could be exploited by companies (especially manufacturing companies), in the year 2017, EDI applied and was accepted to be included in the Digital Innovation Hubs (DIH) – Smart Specialisation Platform with the name of “EDI DIH”. This was a defining moment for EDI because since then EDI has been (or still is) involved in 6 DIH initiatives – EDI DIH, two Horizon 2020 projects (TRINITY DIH and DIH-World), SCoDIHNet and 2 European DIHs. Currently, EDI DIH is part of the European DIH (EDIH). Mostly, it is thanks to our expertise and available state-of-the-art research and testing infrastructure (incl., various Testbeds, prototyping tools, high-performance computer servers, design and simulation tools, measurement equipment, etc. (see more here)). All this has allowed us to help dozens of companies to develop new or transform existing technologies, products and services as well as to increase productivity and quality, reduce costs, establish new markets, etc. EDI DIH provided services The list below specifies the typical service offering of the EDI DIH. The services that involve human work usually cost between 40 – 100 €/h (incl. overhead), + other direct costs such as materials, components, modules, travel expenses (if applicable), etc. depending on the specific case. On top of that, if applicable, there might be some costs related to the use of specific intellectual property rights (IPR), but this is specified during negotiation with a client, as costs for the use of specific IPRs have great variation starting from a few hundred euros up to tens or hundreds of thousands of euros. As for the access to infrastructure (state-of-the-art R&D and testing equipment), the price depends on the book value of specific infrastructure items and individual calculations based on specifically designed procedures. The price typically varies from 100-1000 €/week (incl. space and utilities). List: Typical service offering of the EDI DIH TEST BEFORE INVEST * Strategic support to Research, Development and Innovation * Contract research * Technical support on scale-up * Testing and validation * Provision of infrastructure * Test EDI technologies before investing SUPPORT TO FIND INVESTMENT * Support to find appropriate funding programs * Strategic and business development * Support facilities and accelerator support INNOVATION ECOSYSTEM AND NETWORKING * Ecosystem scouting, engagement and management * Ecosystem coordination for projects SKILLS AND TRAINING * Training EDI DIH is part of European DIH, which targets the digitalization of the industry.
Contact Person(s): Kaspars Ozols
Phone: +371 67558161
Email: kaspars.ozols@edi.lv
Location: 14 dzerbenes street, Riga, LV-1006, Latvia
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.edi.lv/en/digital-innovation-hub/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Defence (low involvement), Energy (high involvement), Environment (low involvement), Health care (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Security (low involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Space (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), SME support (moderate involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (low involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), optoelectronics (low involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (low involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (low involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (low involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDI Confcommercio
Title: EDI.it srl
Country: Italy
Description: EDI (Ecosistema Digitale per l’Innovazione), the Digital Innovation Hub of Confcommercio, plays a pivotal role in supporting businesses through the challenges of digital and sustainable transformation. The DIH is part of the national and European network of organizations designed to foster the integration of digital technologies into businesses. Following a detailed overview of the main activities: 1. Awareness and Cultural Diffusion EDI is committed to spreading digital culture and innovation among businesses, especially focusing on SMEs in sectors like tourism, commerce, logistics and transportation, professional services, advanced tertiary services, and business to consumer services. It conducts workshops, seminars, meetings, and conferences led by innovation experts. 2. Business Assessment EDI provides tools for self-assessment and expert evaluations of digital, technological, financial, and sustainability maturity. This includes analyzing the technologies adopted, management systems, financial and technical capabilities. The aim is to diagnose needs and guide businesses towards the most appropriate digital and innovative solutions, ranging from training to project design and digital services. 3. Training EDI provides modular training pathways on key themes of digital transformation, innovation, and enabling technologies. These training programs are tailored to the needs of target businesses and include video lessons, webinars, seminars, project work, and courses that cover a broad spectrum of topics from digital literacy to specialized technology use. EDI also conducts "Train-the-Trainer" activities to ensure the information and assistance provided to businesses are up-to-date and highly qualified. 4. Research & Innovation Projects EDI participates in research and innovation projects with a special focus on digital transformation, key enabling technologies, and sustainability. It promotes projects at both national and international levels that facilitate business aggregations and partnerships, focusing on industrial research, experimental development, innovation, training, and technology transfer across a range of sectors. 5. Funding and Investment Search EDI assists businesses in accessing private, public, local, national, and European financial tools for investments in digital transformation. Additionally, EDI offers a catalog of project ideas to support SMEs innovation projects. 6. Specialized Consulting Through personalized support, EDI offers consultancy in adopting new digital and enabling technologies, drafting business plans and models, and supports businesses with acceleration services and business clinics. EDI's marketplace aggregates qualified technology partners to provide digital and innovative solutions, facilitating the match between supply and demand in innovation. 7. Networking and Ecosystems EDI fosters a network of collaborations and interactions among key stakeholders in the digitalization process, including SMEs, startups, entrepreneurs, competence centers, universities, research centers, technology parks, investors, and local authorities. This ecosystem facilitates the flow of information and resources among innovation actors and promotes the transfer of skills and knowledge, connecting networks across the national territory. 8. Open Innovation EDI organizes contests and challenges to stimulate competition of startups in generating innovative ideasfor traditional SMEs. It supports businesses in validating and prototyping innovative project ideas and products through scouting, testing, and mentorship activities. EDI actively engages in regional, national, and European policy initiatives aimed at digitizing the industry. At the EU level, EDI is involved in the Digital Europe Programme within the European Digital Innovation Hubs initiative to fostering digital innovation across Europe. It is also part of the network recognized by the National Enterprise 4.0 Plan and at national level it is acknowledged as the leader of EDI 5.0, a new Digital Innovation Hub funded by the Italian Ministry of Made in Italy. EDI has also been actively involved in the national government programme "Repubblica Digitale" through its programs SpintaDigitale and EDITraining, which focus on digital literacy and skills development. EDI through its local network collaborates also with regional partners to promote digital transformation at the territorial level, contributing significantly to the educational and skill development efforts of policy initiatives.
Contact Person(s): Nicola Bianchi
Phone: +39 06 5866 241
Email: n.bianchi@ediconfcommercio.it
Location: Piazza g.g. belli 2, 00153 Roma RM, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.ediconfcommercio.it/en/edi-en/
Active Sectors: Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Financial (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (moderate involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Maritime (moderate involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), wholesale or distribution (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement), Security (high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement)
Provided Services: Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), BI tools (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDICS
Title: Enabling Digitalisation In the Construction Sector
Country: Bulgaria
Description: EDICS project is a collaborative effort of 11 prominent Bulgarian organizations in the construction sector with nationwide coverage and established ecosystems which combine (1) complimentary expertise in digital technologies in the construction sector (2) policy making regarding the development of the construction sector in Bulgaria (3) business networks for clean technologies, innovation and sustainable development (4) technology transfer and access-to-finance capabilities (5) vocational trainings and educational programmes (6) access to Pan-European networks (7) R&D of innovative technologies and greener building materials. The 12th Partner in the Consortium is the newly established NGO “European Digital Innovation Hub” founded by the rest of the project Participants to ensure sustainability of project results. EDICS project main objective is to boost the adoption of advanced digital technologies in the construction in Bulgaria by providing specialized services to SMEs and public sector fitted to their needs and challenges in the green transformation while at the same time acting as a connector to the entire EDIH network and the large pool of digitalization services on a European scale. For doing so, the EDICS project will set up and develop a European Digital Innovation Hub in the Construction Sector (EDIHCS) based in Sofia (Bulgaria), integrating expertise, networks and resources for offering tailor-made services in digitalization of the construction sector. The EDIHCS will act as a one-stop shop for SMEs and public organizations in their journey for digitalization guiding them in the process of assessing their digital maturity, providing the best-fitting services to their specific needs and challenges including test before invest, acceleration and access to finance, and establishing synergies with international networks and platforms for further scale-up of locally-produced innovation.
Contact Person(s): Lyubomir Peynovski
Phone: 02 806 29 10
Email: l.peynovski@edih-construction.bg
Location: ul. Mihail Tenev 6, 1784 Sofia, Bulgaria
Type: EDIH
Website: http://edih-construction.bg
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Digital twins (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Location-based applications (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Adria
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub Adriatic Croatia
Country: Croatia
Description: Experts who offer knowledge, experience and problem-solving skills

The EDIH Adria consortium includes two scientific research institutions (the University of Rijeka and the University of Pula), global technology leaders in their fields (Ericsson Nikola Tesla and Infobip, the first Croatian unicorn), business support institutions (Step Ri, the leading Croatian Institution for Business Support), and a technological innovation cluster (Rijeka Development Agency Porin - local development agency for entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial incubator system). The project is built on two essential technologies that are in great demand in Croatia: artificial intelligence (AI) and high-performance computing (HPC).
EDIH Adria will assist enterprises in accelerating the integration of modern technology, training their personnel, identifying finance options, and establishing links with key regional, national, and European actors. To further meet these objectives, the EDIH Adria project partners will work together to provide a variety of services to future users.
Support for all aspects of digital transformation

For most businesses, digital transformation requires a shift from a traditional mindset to a collaborative and experimental approach. While these new approaches to business reveal solutions that can improve the customer experience, drive employee innovation, and drive company growth at the grassroots level, they can be too much of a burden for many businesses without adequate professional and financial support.
EDIH Adria's planned operations provide support with different aspects of digital transformation, including digital strategy, processes, technology, digital culture, and human resources. They include an elaborate set of digitization and education services for users, as well as networking, complementing, and cooperating with other EDIHs in the European Union, which encourages the development of an ecosystem in which entrepreneurs, employers' associations, and support institutions, on the one hand, academic and educational sectors, on the other, and the public sector and policymakers, on the third, form the ecosystem with significant financial support.

Ensuring the development of an innovative and resilient business ecosystem in the Adriatic Croatia

In addition to EDIH's advisory services and determining the potential for the digital transformation of business and measuring progress, evaluating potential investments, and identifying changes that will create the greatest benefits for business and competitiveness, future users will be assisted in finding new business opportunities and markets, internationalizing business, and enhancing cooperation through networking and active participation in the innovation ecosystem. Most significantly, prospective customers of EDIH Adria consortium specialists' services will be able to test and deploy digital technologies in their businesses, as well as attend practical and applicable training suited to individual needs.
Contact Person(s): EDIH Adria Management Team
Phone: 38551406500
Email: edih.adria@uniri.hr
Location: Trg brace mazuranica 10, 51000 Rijeka, Croatia
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.edihadria.eu
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (high involvement), Electricity (high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Maritime (high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Anadolu
Title: EDIH Anadolu
Country: Türkiye
Description: The EDIH-Anadolu consortium unites 17 distinguished partners with extensive expertise in collaboration and innovation, forming a strong foundation to advance digital transformation. Coordinated by the Adana Chamber of Industry, the consortium comprises 16 diverse organizations, including 3 regional development agencies, 4 science and technology centers, 5 universities, 2 model factories, and 2 organized industrial zones.
Covering nine provinces—Adana, Adıyaman, Gaziantep, Hatay, Kahramanmaraş, Kilis, Konya, Mersin, and Osmaniye—the hub serves a population of nearly 13 million (15% of Türkiye) and spans an area of 109,480 square kilometers. The region generates an annual export volume of $30 billion (2022), with 40% directed to the EU, and is home to 82 companies ranked among Türkiye's top 500 industrial enterprises.
EDIH-Anadolu aims to establish a vibrant ecosystem for digital innovation, empowering local SMEs, entrepreneurs, and public institutions. With a focus on key sectors such as textiles, food, metals, machinery, and public services, the hub promotes digital transformation through state-of-the-art technologies, including artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, and advanced digital tools. By evaluating digital maturity, developing tailored digitalization roadmaps, and delivering feasibility reports, EDIH-Anadolu equips businesses to adopt and test digital solutions effectively.
Aligned with the European Green Deal, EDIH-Anadolu emphasizes sustainability and environmentally friendly practices. Through its extensive network, the hub offers specialized training to develop digital mentors, connects businesses with technology providers and investors, and actively participates in capacity-building initiatives under the Digital Transformation Accelerator. By fostering innovation, sustainability, and competitiveness, EDIH-Anadolu is set to become a regional leader in driving digital transformation across industries.
Contact Person(s): Halis Can SIRE
Phone: +90 322 436 63 63 - 153
Email: haliscansire@adaso.org.tr
Location: Doseme Mah. Turhan Cemal Beriker Bul No:134 Seyhan, 01130 Adana, Türkiye
Type: EDIH
Website: https://adaso.org.tr/
Active Sectors: Education (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Textiles (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Paper and wood (high involvement), Automotive (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Field trial (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement), Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Internet of Things (high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), BI tools (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
