NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: 4PDIH
Title: Public, private, people partnership Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Slovenia
Description: The 4PDIH consortium consists of the key players in Slovenia when it comes to digital transformation of the industry, public administration and society as a whole. All partners are well recognized at home and abroad, have rich experience and already established local and international networks of partners and stakeholders. The partnership consists of 4 different types of organizations, covering the entire Slovenian geographical area and key areas of EDIH's operation with their specialized sectoral orientations, i.e. 1. innovative environment support organizations; 2. knowledge institutions; 3. companies; 4. municipalities. By following recommended guidelines for the operation of EDHIs, 4PDIH will be organized sectorally and managerially, as well as linking both, the public and the private sector, to fully underpin vision of the EU digital ecosystem. The partnership structure of the EDIH covers all topic areas of the DEP and demonstrates exceptional international and national cohesion. As such, the partnership can address digital transformation in a structured and holistic way, embodied by consortium’s unique interdisciplinary orientation which will importantly contribute to EU's vision to become a world leader in human-centric digital transformation. 4PDIH's vision is therefore to provide technological knowledge (with a special focus on AI), expertise, and experimentation facilities in order to successfully strengthen the local economy with innovative digital technologies in the industry and public administration. Through the operation of this EDIH, the efficient and sustainable use of the EDIH capacities and resources according to the needs of stakeholders in the economy and society as a whole will be assured, resulting in a wide range of long-lasting and interconnected impacts of increased innovation activity, increased digital competences, increased funding for innovative solutions and increased collaboration and innovation ecosystem expansion.
Contact Person(s): Jure Trilar
Phone: 38631605115
Email: jure.trilar@fe.uni-lj.si
Location: Tržaška cesta 25, 1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://www.4pdih.com
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Education (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technological innovation (moderate involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (very low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: AddedValue
Title: AddedValue
Country: Hungary
Description: Added Value Economics Research and Development Institute Association is the coordinator of the AddedValue DIH. This is a regional network of the most prestigious research and innovation organisations.
AddedValue DIH caters for the specific needs and gaps of enterprises in its region, (nationally and globally) particularly SMEs, manufacturing companies and stakeholders nationwide. AddedValue DIH is supporting the manufacturing industry in all economic sectors. In addition, key sectors highlighted in Smart Specialisation Strategy will be supported, including artificial intelligence. Moreover, key sectors with increased economic output such as public administration, information technology will also be supported.
The AddedValue DIH is a non-profit organization with legal personality, institutionalized, charitable public benefit organization. It is a research and knowledge-dissemination, completely transparent.
AddedValue DIH in Füzesgyarmat and in Budapest offers “one-stop-shop” service - in cooperation with partner organisations in Hungary and abroad - for companies, associations that are looking for practical solutions for their problems when new innovative methods and modern (often digital) technologies can increase the efficiency and/or reduce the environmental impact of industrial production. It can provide practical advice and support to the SMEs in the region (nationally and globally) for their activities in digital technology development. It has experience in developing competitiveness of businesses and transforming them into policy inputs. 2000 SMEs received innovation benchmarking and mentoring services in the previous funding period.
AddedValue DIH partnership hub has a broad access to regional and national SMEs. It has over a decade of experience with SME innovation management and benchmarking. The number of the pool partners exceeds 2000, covering all strategic sectors of the Hungarian economy. There are ongoing activities related to the SMEs at AddedValue DIH. It also supports a living, innovation-oriented partnership pool, which is a solid platform for the AddedValue DIH. It is a regular form for sharing insights and know-how.
Contact Person(s): Laskai András
Phone: 36305517794
Email: laskaiandras@gmail.com
Location: Budapest, Podmanitczky utca 49 (5525 füzesgyarmat, vécsei utca 8.), 5525, Hungary
Type: DIH
Website: https://addedvalueinst.zombeek.hu/
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: AddSmart
Title: AddSmart - The European Digital Innovation Hub of North Denmark
Country: Denmark
Description: Add Smart technologies and get ahead “To add” means to bring about an increase or improvement, to come together or unite by addition. By adding Smart solutions and digital technologies, SMEs can increase and improve to the benefit of not only the company itself but society as a whole and by coming together and unite by addition. Mission: The main goal of AddSmart is to increase the productivity of industrial enterprises and production companies through I4.0 by introducing Smart Production.
AddSmart wants to support small and medium sized manufacturing SMEs on their journey to become more digitalised for them to become resilient and gain a competitive edge. Vision: The vision is to create one point of entrance with easy access to shared knowledge and resources about developments within production technologies based on digital technologies at all levels. This proposal covers the NUTS2 Region of NorthDenmark and is one of 5 appointed Danish candidates for the coming network of European Digital Innovation Hubs. The focus of this proposal is to deliver services to manufacturing SMEs within the fields of I4.0 with the general objective of developing capacities in HPC, AI, Cybersecurity, Advanced Digital Skills and accelerating the best use of technologies for this target group.
Budget: 3,12 M€: 1,088 M from DIGITAL, 0,946 M€ from the member state and 1,088 M€ of private/own funding. The AddSmart consortium consists of 8 partners: 1 regional business hub, 3 academic partners, 1 RTO, 2 clusters and Enterprise Europe Network, which will contribute to the overall KPIs of EDIHs with KPI 1: 200 SMEs will make use of 1 or more AddSmart services within the project period. KPI 2: The service portfolio of AddSmart is expecting to trigger additional investments in the size of 36,5 M€ KPI 3: AddSmart will collaborate with at least 26 other EDIHs and stakeholders KPI 4: 105 SMEs will have increased their maturity level KPI 5: 30 SMEs will have developed new innovations.
Contact Person(s): Johannes Størup
Phone: 20919871
Email: jst@ehnj.dk
Location: Niels Jernes Vej 10, 9220 Aalborg, Denmark
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Consumer products (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Maritime (low involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Technological innovation (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Big data (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: ADi4SMEs
Title: Accelerated Digitalisation of SMEs in the North Central Region through creation and development of an European Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Bulgaria
Description: The European way for the Digital decade is to create a network of European digital innovation hubs to support the European SMEs and administration in the regions to accelerate their digital transformation. In the context of the Digital Europe Programme, this project represents creation and development of an EDIH to offer services to the SMEs and administration in the North Central Region of Bulgaria to reach higher digital maturity level and strengthen the resilience of the regional industry by boosting its digitalisation. The services are planned to be of twin type: both digital and green. The Hub activities and services are focused on Artificial intelligence in the typical smart specialisation of the region Mechatronics and Informatics and ICT, but target also the most valuable capital – skilling, re- and up-skilling of the human resources. The lack of knowledge in the Hub to support the SMEs in the vast digitalisation field will be mitigated and overcome via the access to the broad network of EDIHs.
Contact Person(s): Nikolinka Hinkova
Phone: 3.59888E+11
Email: nikky@ric-gabrovo.com
Location: "Raiko Daskalov" 7, 5300 Gabrovo, Bulgaria
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: http://ric-gabrovo.com/edih
Active Sectors: Energy (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (very high involvement), Smart City (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Advanced Manufacturing Digital Innovation Hub
Title: SMART Manufacturing competence center "Intechcentras"
Country: Lithuania
Description: Advanced Manufacturing DIH is led by non-profit public organisation - Intechcentras. The one-stop-shop center provides business enterprises with up-to-date information, expert assistance and access to technology for testing digital innovations. It also helps to carry out and conduct experiments with products, processes or business models. The Hub seeks significant changes in the field of digitizing industry in Lithuanian companies, thus increasing their competitiveness and added value. • Access to the centers of competences • The heart of the innovation ecosystem • Mediation and networking services • Aid for funding • Education, training and consulting services MISSION: By integration of Lithuanian ecosystem participants, in usege of digital technologies, to increase the competitiveness of Lithuanian enterprises. SCOPE OF SERVISES: • DIH consulting services: • Search for innovations; • Establishing the company's digital level and providing recommendations; • Preparation of company's digital strategic plans and necessary investments; • Training and consulting in the field of digitization and innovative technologies; • Mediation between science and business and business and business; • Studies. FieldLab Contracted Services: • Practical Digitization; • Technology design / installation services; • Demonstration, testing, production of prototype small quantities, including 3D printing methods; • Testing of new functional materials for the engineering industry; • Identification and harmonization of related and interactive activities; • Collection and processing of data for statistical analysis of characteristics; • Quality control of products, validation of produced batches, characterization; • Finance attraction service / EU project preparation and initiation. Advanced manufacturing Digital Innovation HUB in 2012 was established by the Lithuanian engineering industry association LINPRA, with the goal of increasing the competitiveness of industrial companies. As joint competencies center DIH provide services for more than 300 manufacturing companies in the metal, machinery and equipment, electromechanics and electronics, plastics and rubber industries. Advanced manufacturing DIH in cooperation with universities, ERP, MES, smart manufacturing service providers, software developers, industry experts, DIH providing innovation support, advisory and training services in the implementation of modern digital technologies in traditional Lithuanian industries. DIH is member of Laser and Engineering Technologies Cluster LITEK, DIHNET, DIHELP, EIT Manufacturing, Smart Connectivity DIH Network, Lithuanian Plastic cluster, Baltic Automotive Components Cluster BACC, association Orgalime. The activities of the hub are well aligned with the Lithuanian national initiative for digitising industry, Industry 4.0. DIH is a member of the Lithuanian Industry 4.0 National Platform (http://www.industrie40.lt/platform/). Advanced manufacturing DIH belongs to various working groups and closely cooperates with: • Ministry of Economy and Innovation • Innovation Agency Lithuania Advanced manufacturing DIH is direct member in European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) of Central and Western Lithuania https://di4lithuanianid.com/ . This EDIH consists of 14 partners operating throughout Lithuania and representing different areas of competence and experience. EDIH is operating in 5 sectors: Manufacturing, Public Sector, Healthcare & Biotechnologies, ICT and Fintech. EDIH key competences are Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Cybersecurity (CS) in the fields of ​Big data, Automated BMS & WMS, Smart Sensors, ​Robotics, I​oT/IoIT, ​Automation, ​VR/AR, Automatic reporting.​
Contact Person(s): Audrius Jasenas
Phone: 37062071450
Email: audrius.jasenas@intechcentras.lt
Location: Technopolis / beta, juozo balčikonio str. 3, 08247 Vilnius, Lithuania
Type: DIH
Website: https://intechcentras.lt/services/advanced-manufacturing-dih/?lang=en
Active Sectors: Automotive (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Defence (moderate involvement), Education (very high involvement), Electricity (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (high involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Polymers and plastics (very high involvement), Security (very high involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Space (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Displays (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Organic and large area electronics (high involvement), Photonics (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: AEDIH
Title: Agricultural EDIH
Country: Hungary
Description: AEDIH is the Agricultural European Digital Innovation Hub for Hungary. The 4 project partners will increase the digital capabilities of agricultural enterprises and their confidence in digital technologies through digitalisation services. The AEDIH project accompanies agricultural enterprises through the different stages of the customer lifecycle, providing them complementary services that build on each other in a modular system. This pathway starts with the digital scoping where the digital maturity level of the agricultural enterprises is assessed according to an adapted ADMA (Agricultural Digital Maturity Assessment) methodology. This is followed by the preparation of an individual digital development roadmaps, tailored to the organisation. The roadmap is developed in close collaboration with the respective enterprise and includes recommendations for digital upgrades, including specific service proposals of AEDIH. The next step strives for enhancing the digital readiness of the agricultural enterprises and supports the roll-out of digital upgrades by providing training, demonstration opportunities, testbeds and tests before investment as well as concrete investment planning. Fostering digital upscaling is the third level of implementation, this is where the actual digitisation development takes place, the agricultural enterprise is integrated into the agro-digital ecosystem and AEDIH also supports them in identifying funding sources for their digital progress. AEDIH sees agricultural enterprises as its primary, but not exclusive, target group and intends to involve agricultural advisors and businesses providing innovation and digitalisation products and services, who are not necessarily agro-specific, but agro-interested. The foreseen approach explicitly reflects the low digital maturity of the primary target group and will guarantee the improvement in the proficiency level of digital literacy of the Hungarian small and medium sized agricultural enterprises.
Contact Person(s): Istvan Balla
Phone: 36703646393
Email: aedih@gak.hu
Location: Gödöllő, Páter Károly út 1., 2103, Hungary
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Environment (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Fishery (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (moderate involvement), Life sciences (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Field trial (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Aero EDIH
Title: EDIH for Digital Transformation of the Aviation and Aerospace Industry
Country: Sweden
Description: The air above us is one of the most under-utilized assets our society has. We are on the threshold to a new society where people and goods will be able to move efficiently and sustainably in three dimensions. Modern sustainable aviation will democratise transportation and promote social inclusion by providing access to fast and reliable transportation to everyone, in cities and rural areas. These new possibilities will disrupt the transport and mobility industries in ways no other industries have been transformed. It is imperative for Europe that we accelerate this transformation to enhance the European competitiveness and resilience. The Aero EDIH will create societal and business impact by supporting the digital and green transformation of SMEs, regional airports and public sector within the domain of aerospace related industries in the European Union. The Aero EDIH will act as multiplier, leveraging local expertise with existing EU digital capabilities and resources within the fields of HPC, AI, cybersecurity and other advanced digital skills by providing clients services of testing before investing, training and skills development, support to find investments, and networking and access to innovation ecosystems. The Aero EDIH, with its founding partners of Norrköping Science Park, Independent Business Group, Linköping University and Research Institutes of Sweden and network of associated partners, has a strong national presence especially in the region of Östergötland, Sweden, a region at the forefront of development in aerospace and digital technologies for decades. With a project budget of approx. 3.1MEUR over 36 months, expected outcomes include raised digital maturity and accelerated uptake of digital technologies, enhancing the users’ abilities to develop new business relationships and to secure the funding needed for further development and growth.
Contact Person(s): Jan-Olof Ehk
Phone: +46 76 768 64 77
Email: jan-olof.ehk@nosp.se
Location: Laxholmstorget 3, 602 21 Norrkoping, Sweden
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (very low involvement), Defence (very low involvement), Education (moderate involvement), Health care (very low involvement), Electricity (low involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very low involvement), wholesale or distribution (very low involvement), Security (moderate involvement), Maritime (low involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Space (low involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Transport sector (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (low involvement), Energy (very low involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (moderate involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Finance (low involvement), Public sector innovation (low involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: AGORA DIH
Title: Murcia Region DIH
Country: Spain
Description: Murcia region industrial sector and, particularly, SMEs are aware of the high need of digital transformation to maintain their competitiveness and adapt to an increasingly dynamic and global ecosystem. However, the low awareness about digital technologies, an insufficient innovation culture and the need for substantial investment represent a burden for Murcia region companies, which are micro-SMEs in a vast majority. In this sense, Agora EDIH is born in 2020 from the scaffold of a previous Digital Innovation Hub, the Innovation for Manufacturing in the South (I4MSOUTH) created in 2016, and a querying process within the main innovation actors in Murcia Region. Agora EDIH is composed of 6 institutions, namely 2 universities, 2 Innovation and Enterprise European Centres, a Technology Centre and the Regional Development Agency of Murcia, which are the critical players to develop the key enabling technologies of Agora EDIH, Cybersecurity and AI, for digital transformation in Industry 4.0 within the different sectors highlighted on the Specialization Strategy of the Region (RIS3Mur). Particularly, Agora EDIH will focus on Agrofood, quality of life, driving activities and energy and sea and marine affairs. Agora EDIH will operate to support SMEs in every step of the process of acquiring new technologies needed to implement digital transformation. Besides these self-managed actions, Agora EDIH will build longstanding collaborative projects with other EDIHs to create a symbiotic environment by sharing resources, experiences and know-how and extend the services offered to their SMEs. The vision of this EDIH is that facilitating digital transformation of companies in RIS3Mur prioritized sectors and activities, will contribute to productivity, new businesses models and exacerbate industrial competitiveness of Murcia region.
Contact Person(s): Carlos Miras Marin
Phone: 34968365706
Email: carlos.miras@info.carm.es
Location: Avenida de la Fama 3, 30003 Murcia Murcia, Spain
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://agoradih.es/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Agri Sud Ouest Innovation
Title: Agri Sud Ouest Innovation
Country: France
Description: Agri Sud-Ouest Innovation is a French "pôle de compétitivité" dedicated to innovation in the agri-food sector in southwestern France. ASOI has a staff made of 17 people and gathers some 400 members, mostly SMEs and mid-caps, laboratories, research centres and institutions.
The Strategic Research Agenda of ASOI relies on three main priorities:
- Develop agro-refineries and enhance overall agricultural production, such as bioplastics,
- Improve production system efficiency,for example in agricultural machinery or precision farming through digital solutions
- Optimise eco-efficiency production inputs, for example with biocontrol products or biostimulants
Agri Sud-Ouest Innovation spreads on the large perimeter of the south-west part of France (Regions Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Occitanie), where the diversity of farm productions is important, regarding both vegetal and animal productions. Concerning crops, the cluster unite excellence competences from public and private research centers on vine and wine, fruit and vegetables, sunflower, corn and soy, including the European leader seeds companies and some rising SMEs in the ICT, biotechnologies and biocontrol sectors.

The core activities of ASOI rely on:
- the emergence of innovative ideas through the regular organization of creative events (innovation clubs, creativity sessions, hackathons) and thematic workshops or seminars (~ 20 events organized every year),
- the construction of innovative project with companies. ASOI provides an overview of funding possibilities at regional, national or European level, boost consortium dynamics, provide project engineering expertise and gives a label to projects fulfilling excellence criteria based on innovation aspects and economic and social spill-overs (~50 collaborative projects awarded every year)
-the support to companies to bring the innovation to the market: expertise in IP, business models, strategic intelligence, prospective missions on international markets (~100 SMEs supported every year).

Agri Sud-Ouest Innovation is a GOLD-labelled cluster (Cluster Management Excellence Label) since 2012.
Contact Person(s): Augier Laurent
Phone: 33609934803
Email: laurent.augier@agrisudouest.com
Location: 8 chemin de la crouzette, Auzeville-tolosane, France
Type: DIH
Website: https://agrisudouest.com/
------------------------------------------------------------
