NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: Global Alliance for Media Innovation (GAMI)
Title: Global Alliance for Media Innovation (GAMI)
Country: France
Description: Global Alliance for Media Innovation is the network for innovation within the World Association of Newspapers and News Publishers (WAN-IFRA). WAN-IFRA’s members are located in over 120 countries and have a combined reach of more than 18,000 publications, 15,000 online sites and 3,000 companies. Following the launch of the Global Alliance for Media Innovation during WAN-IFRA’s World Congress in June 2014, we have established a brain trust of stakeholders involved in research and innovation for news media. The core of this group is composed of pioneers, media organisations (publishers and suppliers), and academic research labs dealing with technology transfer and research programmes in Europe (Norway, Finland, Sweden, Denmark, UK), the Americas (Brazil, USA, Canada), and Southeast Asia (Singapore, Japan). The Alliance was formed because its members all believe that our industry requires a reliable flood of new technologies, products and business models. We see the future of news media being invented right now, all around the globe, by hundreds of different companies, universities and entrepreneurs. But their separate efforts, research, prototypes and rollouts receive inconsistent attention and analysis. Many good ideas fail simply due to a lack of development support, while others get hyped beyond their real value. Vital lessons and examples are not being widely enough or rapidly enough disseminated. GAMI focuses on five main topic areas relevant to the future of news media companies, news professionals, and news consumers: New platforms/distribution channels: mobility, wear-ability, the Internet of Things (smart cities, connected homes, connected cars, connected devices); New forms of narrative and storytelling: immersive content, VR, 360° video, social media; Data exploration: big data, data visualisation, automatic generation of content; Technology enablers: privacy, security; Multiple media convergence: interoperability, standards (IPTC, etc.) GAMI is guided by an Advisory Board representing news media or media labs, suppliers, research centres, universities, technology clusters and accelerators.
Contact Person(s): Fozard Stephen
Phone: 33676814052
Email: stephen.fozard@wan-ifra.org
Location: 69 rue du chevaleret, Paris, France
Type: DIH
Website: https://media-innovation.news/
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: GR digiGOV-innoHUB
Title: The Greek digital Government and Public Services innovation HUB
Country: Greece
Description: GR digiGOV-innoHUB aims to support the development of a new generation of public services based on advanced digital technologies, open standards and open source solutions for citizens and businesses; to enrich the ecosystem of Digital Transformation actors; and to facilitate innovation in Public Administration, transforming it into a large innovation buyer and investor.It will act as a virtual GOVtech Lab that can accelerate the development, innovative and cost-effective digital solutions through agile and efficient "borderless" collaborations among the public and private sectors, the civil society and academia.
The partnership is led by GRNET - National Infrastructures for Research and Technology which, together with the top Academic and Research Institutions that specialize in AI, HPC, Blockchain and govTECH issues, and the vibrant professional and scientific networks, form an experienced team, field-proven in the COVID19 period, in orchestrating the design and development of advanced information systems and infrastructures for the digital transformation of the Greek Public Administration.The Hub is also supported directly by a broad assortment of key industry actors, regional authorities and civic society organisations that have expressed their willingness to participate. Through this aggregation of creative forces, the Hub will constitute a network of excellence, with presence in almost all Greek regions, and international synergies.
Contact Person(s): Yiannis Kotsis-Giannarakis
Phone: 3.06945E+11
Email: ygiannarakis@grnet.gr
Location: 7 Kifisias Ave, 11523 Athens, Greece
Type: EDIH
Website: https://digigov.innohub.gr/
Active Sectors: Public administration (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Green eDIH
Title: Green Digital Innovation HUB
Country: Romania
Description: Green eDIH aims to ensure the support and the easy transition to new technologies and digital innovation, for small and large companies in any industry. The mission of Green eDIH is to create a bridge between the current digitalization needs of the regional industry and the eco-friendly solutions. The values that mark the way in which Green eDIH operates are: Green Technology is not a goal, it is a Standard that must be implemented. INDUSTRY-LEADING INNOVATION is not an Objective, it is the intrinsic essence that was the basis of the entire digital construction. We do not promote innovation, we create it at a high-standard level. TRANSPARENCY in COLLABORATION is the key to any association, but the essence is the continuous and constant flow of informational and decision-making visibility. That is, we will replace the classic Reporting. In us, we TRUST– each piece of the Digital Green eDIH Puzzle is a unique and equivalent valuable entity that blends organically and fluidly into the digital ecosystem. Green eDIH acts as a catalyst that brings together academy, private companies, central and local authorities and investors to make green digital transformation a reality. Green Digital Innovation HUB is interested in participating in the development of regional, national or European political initiatives to digitize the industry. As experts, we were involved in the development of the RIS3 strategy at the national level, regarding the smart specialization. Green Digital Innovation HUB is a member of the Digital Working Group of the Harnessing Talent Platform (HTP), an initiative of the European Commission of the Talent Stimulation Mechanism, which will support affected EU regions in training, retaining and attracting the skills and competences needed to overcome the impact of the accelerated decline of the working population. At the same time, we are also members of the DIH2, Bowi, Tetramax, and FundingBox networks, and we actively participate in events organized at the European level in the field of technology for the development of standards and policies for technologies such as blockchain, AI, DML or any other technology.
Contact Person(s): Ruxandra MIUTI
Phone: 0040741800777
Email: rm@dih.green
Location: 3rd district, 13-15 matei basarab street, 4th floor, 030674 Bucharest, Romania
Type: DIH
Website: https://dih.green/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Automotive (low involvement), Education (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Financial (low involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), Health care (low involvement), Life sciences (low involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Personal services (low involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Security (moderate involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Space (low involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Gamification (low involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Logistics (low involvement), optoelectronics (low involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (low involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (low involvement), Robotics (low involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (low involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: GreenPowerIT
Title: GreenPowerIT Hauts-de-France
Country: France
Description: COVID-19, together with the energy and environmental challenges, have underlined the necessity of more resilience and European sovereignty. The answer to these challenges cannot be dissociated from the digital transition. The EDIH GreenPowerIT gathers the key partners fostering the development of digital solution in the Hauts-de-France region. It will support both SMEs and public administrations and address their needs related to AI and cybersecurity and IoT, in line with current regional initiatives. The overarching goal of the project is therefore to set the EDIH in the Haut-de-France region as a unique entry point for businesses and local authorities towards their digital transformation, putting the emphasis on “digital green transition”. GreenPowerIT high-end services will be based on four services pillars: test Before Invest, Training, Access to finance, and networking, building on and completing the regional existing offer. It will also be fully integrated in the European network of EDIH, thus supporting its local stakeholders to go international and allowing European stakeholders to benefit from its services.
Contact Person(s): Chékib Gharbi
Phone: +33 3 20 19 18 52
Email: cgharbi@citc-eurarfid.com
Location: 172 avenue de Bretagne, 59000 Lille, France
Type: EDIH
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Education (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Personal services (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), wholesale or distribution (very high involvement), Transport sector (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement), Textiles (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Circular economy (very high involvement), SME support (high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Communication network (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), High performance computing (very low involvement), Human computer interaction (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), optoelectronics (moderate involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: GreenPulse 5.0
Title: GreenPulse 5.0
Country: Slovenia
Description: GreenPulse 5.0, coordinated by Pomurje technology park (Slovenia), is dedicated to helping SMEs in manufacturing sector embrace digital innovation for a greener tomorrow. GreenPulse 5.0 serves as a catalyst for SMEs seeking cutting-edge technologies to enhance their manufacturing processes. Whether you're in electronic manufacturing, food & beverage processing, pharmaceuticals, metal processing, plastics, machinery & equipment, or building materials & furniture, GreenPulse 5.0 is your gateway to unlocking the potential of your SME with sustainable and state-of-the-art digital technologies. We focus on key areas that drive efficiency, reduce costs, and elevate sustainability. Our hub understands the unique needs of SMEs, offering tailored solutions that fit the scale and requirements of small and medium-sized enterprises. GreenPulse 5.0 is not just a hub; it's your partner in navigating the future of manufacturing. Operating in Eastern Slovenia, GreenPulse 5.0 extends its reach through partnerships with over 200 (E)DIHs across Europe. Join a network that fosters collaboration and innovation beyond borders. Our organizational competencies and resources emanate from proficiency in five distinct technology domains: 1. Digitalization and Connectivity:Internet of Things, Edge Computing, Digital Twin Technology. 2. Automation and Robotics: Robotics and Automation, Collaborative Robots, Artificial Intelligence in Robotics. 3. Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence: Big Data Analytics, Machine Learning, Predictive Maintenance, 4. Additive Manufacturing, and 3D Printing: 3D Printing/Additive Manufacturing; Rapid Prototyping; Digital Fabrication. 5. Cybersecurity and Digital Trust: Cybersecurity, Blockchain Technology, Security of IoT Devices. From renewable energy adoption to waste reduction technologies, GreenPulse 5.0 supports SMEs in implementing sustainable manufacturing processes. These green technologies play a crucial role in addressing environmental challenges, promoting sustainability, and helping the manufacturing industry reduce its ecological footprint. Combining these technologies with digital solutions can create a comprehensive approach to green and sustainable manufacturing. Clients can discover green innovations that not only boost efficiency but also align with eco-friendly practices: 1. Renewable Energy Sources: Solar Power, Wind Power, Hydropower. 2. Energy-Efficient Equipment and Processes: Energy-Efficient Motors and Drives, LED Lighting, Heat Recovery Systems. 3. Waste Reduction and Recycling Technologies: Waste-to-Energy Conversion, Closed-Loop Manufacturing Systems, Recycling Technologies. 4. Green Materials and Sustainable Design: Biodegradable Materials, Recycled Materials, Sustainable Packaging 5. Water Conservation Technologies: Water Recycling and Reuse Systems, Water-Efficient Manufacturing Processes, Rainwater Harvesting 6. Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS): Carbon Capture Technologies, Carbon Sequestration 7. Lean Manufacturing Practices: Just-in-Time Manufacturing, Total Quality Management (TQM), Continuous Improvement 8. Green Certification and Standards: ISO 14001 (Environmental Management System); ENERGY STAR Certification Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Why work with GreenPulse 5.0? • Access to the latest digital and green technologies tailored for SMEs. • Collaborative partnerships with leading ICT service providers • Regional focus on Pomurje and Eastern Slovenia. • Extensive network of over 200 partner DIHs across Europe. • Solutions designed to elevate efficiency, reduce costs, and enhance sustainability for SMEs. Join GreenPulse 5.0 on a journey towards a greener, technologically advanced future for your SME. Let's innovate, collaborate, and shape the future of manufacturing together. Pomurje technology Park with its DIH is a full partner in EDIH 4PDIH consortium, offering its services to SMEs, public administration and policy level. We are constantly collaborating with governmental bodies, either through joint organization of events, joint tender preparation,etc. We are also a member of Working group for the establishment of a national Research and development hub, coordinated by SPIRIT Slovenia.
Contact Person(s): Pomurski Tehnološki Park D.O.O.
Phone: +386 40 599 690
Email: maja@p-tech.si
Location: Plese 9a, 9000 Murska sobota, Slovenia
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.p-tech.si/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Consumer products (low involvement), Electricity (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Financial (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Paper and wood (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (high involvement), Smart City (low involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (moderate involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (low involvement), Regional development (low involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: h4i
Title: hub4industry
Country: Poland
Description: hub4industry (h4i) est.2019 operates in Małopolska Region Kraków (Poland). Focuses on digitalisation of manufacturing SMEs. The Orchestrator, Krakow Technology Park(KPT) is one of the most developed and respected Polish business support organisations. With incubator, accelerator, seed funds, special economic zone, and experience in project management KPT is fit to lead the hub and together with 9 Partn. (+2 Affiliated Partn.) that represent various technology and knowledge areas commits to build not-for -profit DIH that will close the gap of knowledge and experience among SMEs regarding the digitalisation and will introduce and help executing Green Deal goals locally. H4i goal is to offer broad, holistic range of services to become “go to address” for SMEs starting or speeding up digital transformation and sustainable transformation. Technical range starts from DEP priorities: AI, Cybersec, digital skills up to additive manufacturing, smart robotisation, IoT, 5G connectivity. The offer is set up from 19 services i.e. Skills and Training, Test Before Invest, Support in funding areas. They are supported by Communication, Dissemination, Community and Networking actions. Although substantial investments in h4i already have been made in last 3 years, approx. 1,5M euro (public and private) and pilot project was delivered outperforming expectations and KPIs, joining EDIH network by h4i is essential for further development of the hub, increasing the number of services, and building up it’s capacity. Extensive market research was conducted together with regional gov. to design project responding to actual needs and challenges of local SME. Most of the h4i services can be delivered to remote clients, budget is designed to handle the additional costs of interregional cooperation, and h4i already got cooperation forward by connecting to more than 30 EDIH candidates.
Contact Person(s): Aleksandra BŁASZCZAK
Phone: +48 690 826 700
Email: ablaszczak@kpt.krakow.pl
Location: Ul. Podole 60, 30-394 Krakow, Poland
Type: EDIH
Website: https://hub4industry.pl/
Active Sectors: Automotive (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Big data (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: HD-MOTION
Title: Hub for the Digital MObility TransformatION
Country: Italy
Description: In recent years there have been countless advances in connected and cooperative systems for transport and mobility, which are however outlining a paradox: together with the developments underway, challenging and articulated technological needs are emerging, so much so as to make the goal of sustainable, efficient and safe mobility more and more complex to achieve. Indeed, the availability of the technologies necessary for an interoperable implementation of large-scale solutions is only the beginning of a long journey, which cannot ignore economic, market and competitiveness considerations for the involved industries, SMEs and public administrations. The resolution of this paradox is the main objective of the HD-MOTION Hub (HUB for the Digital Mobility Transformation): the ambition to make a great technological leap forward, giving a rapid acceleration to the development of enabling technological solutions, targeting them on innovation and the digitization of sustainable mobility and transport services. SMEs (especially those involved in technology transfer) will be among the end users of the Hub, together with the Public Administration, its services (for example, Public Transport) and citizens. Through the virtuous collaboration of academia, industry and the entire innovation ecosystem, the result of a growth in the competitive capabilities of companies on the Italian territory will be achieved, bridging the technological deficits of innovation and digitization that today penalize them on the European market and world. Through the creation of networks of companies and innovation hubs in the sectors of vehicle production, digital infrastructures and Digital Transportation Systems, basic training and the development of new skills will be implemented, facilitating entry and relocation on the market of the work. At the same time, and in a virtuous circular manner, significant impacts will be generated on the environment and on the users of mobility services.
Contact Person(s): Matteo Bandiera
Phone: 3.93346E+11
Email: matteo.bandiera@cim40.com
Location: Corso Settembrini 178, 10135 Torino TO, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Active Sectors: Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Automotive (moderate involvement), Environment (high involvement), Transport sector (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Public sector innovation (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Mobility (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Health Data Sweden (HDS)
Title: Health Data Sweden
Country: Sweden
Description: Digital health can make healthcare safer and more efficient, and provide high-quality care. For digital health to reach its potential, it is vital that innovators and providers gain from the benefits of health data. EDIH Health Data Sweden (HDS) will support this by providing services that enable SMEs and the public sector to improve health data use, while also improving access to it. With a mature ecosystem of 16 partners active in the field, HDS will contribute to secure digital health services of the future, with focus on health data and high-quality, accessible and sustainable healthcare/welfare services for European citizens. HDS integrates two EDIH candidates (HDS and Health Innovation of Sweden) from Stage 1 of the call into one with a nationwide system of services for SMEs, small mid-caps and the public sector. The aim is to cover the complete value chain in digital health, allowing users to benefit by covering entry-level users and services related to health data as well as more complex development aimed at preparing for future development of the field. HDS is a hub composed of regions, universities, innovation hubs, research institutes, and science parks, all playing a leading role in Swedish and European healthcare: KTH Royal Institute of Technology (KTH, coordinator); Blekinge Digital Health Blue Science Park (BDH); Bron Innovation (BI); Compare/DigitalWell Arena (DWA); EIT Digital (EITD; EIT Health Scandinavian CLC (EITH); Halmstad University/Leap for Life (HU); Karolinska Institutet (KI); Linnaeus University (LNU); Livsmedicin Region Västerbotten (LM); Region Stockholm (RS); Region Kalmar län/ eHealth Arena (eHA); Stockholm University (SU); Stockholm Science City (SSCi); STUNS Life Science (STUNS) and Uppsala University (UU). The goal is to have 1700 Swedish and 200 European SMEs/mid-caps, and 455 Swedish and 95 public-sector organisations utilising our services by end of the 3-year project.
Contact Person(s): Sebastiaan Meijer
Phone: +46 8 790 80 71
Email: smeijer@kth.se
Location: Brinellvagen 8, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (moderate involvement), Personal services (high involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
