NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: PCUV
Title: University of Valencia Science Park Foundation
Country: Spain
Description: The University of Valencia Science Park DIH aims to create the best conditions to strive for the long-term business success of companies and organisations from the Valencian region by putting innovation and digital opportunities to good use. To this end, the University of Valencia Science Park DIH places at companies and organisations’ disposal a set of services targeted to digitise their products, services and processes, as well as specially equipped premises for them to set up and perform their activity, consolidation and growth. The University of Valencia Science ParkDIH services come in five areas: 1.- Creating the ecosystem: information, training, networking and financing services, providing entrepreneurs with infrastructures, and support to identify and establish synergies among knowledge providers, companies and organisations, and to also back the Valencian innovative ecosystem 2.- Digitising business processes: Consultancy and implementing software solutions for strategic business management (Business Intelligence, Balanced Scorecard), day-to-day management (ERP), document management and commercial management (CRM, eCommerce) 3.- Automating production processes: Analysing the level of digitising and automation; accompanying the whole process; providing equipment for automation, sensors and other mechanisms to control processes. 4.- Applying satellite data: Employing satellite data and other sources, with applications in areas like agriculture, forestry development and environmental conservation, and for fighting against climate change 5.- Managing digital health: Application of Big Data, Artificial Intelligence, modelling, digital simulation and other technological tools in areas like functional nutrition, precise medical diagnosis and efficient health In order to offer this wide range of services, the University of Valencia Science Park DIH is backed by the University of Valencia Science Park’s development and infrastructure, and by organisation and team of the University of Valencia Science Park Foundation (FPCUV), which is in charge of managing the Science Park’s business area. The University of Valencia Science Park (PCUV) is an initiative that links university research and its scientific potential with the production system by encouraging innovation processes, and by generating and consolidating science/technology-based companies in the Valencian region. The PCUV provides spaces and services to companies that derive from university research (spin-offs) and to external scientific technology-based companies that wish to enter a research, technological development and innovation setting. Its scientific area is made up of seven research institutes, two singular centres and major research infrastructure, as well as a business area covering a surface area of 26,700 m2, which represents 40% of the Science Park’s built area. It is divided into three building blocks (Building 1SC, Building BIOTEC and Building CUE) with offices and different sized labs that provide various services, one business incubator, and three coworking spaces (Business Incubators), one of which is located on the Tarongers campus. The business area currently hosts almost 100 companies, including different spin-offs. In this space they find a suitable ecosystem in which to generate and develop ideas and innovative projects. The most important sectors are Biotechnology and Information and Communication Technologies (ITC), and Energy, Nanotechnology and Advanced Services are also present. The University of Valencia Science Park Foundation (FPCUV) works as a not-for-profit organisation that facilitates innovation for technology-based companies. This institution is in charge of managing the business area by providing services to those hosted there. It was created in 2009, and its founding sponsors were Fundación Bancaja, Banco Santander, the Valencian Chamber of Commerce and the Valencian Business Confederation, as well as the University of Valencia. Some FPCUV objectives are to: -Promote technological development, knowledge transfer and industrial innovation. -Encourage research into matters of social importance locally, nationwide and internationally. -Establish cooperation between University of Valencia research groups and companies. -Create new innovative companies by facilitating alliances with strategic partners. -Encourage the transfer and diffusion of university research results. -Contribute to improve companies’ competitiveness and the Valencian Community’s development. The FPCUV is a member of rePCV (Network of Valencian Science Parks), APTE (the Spanish National Association of Science and Technology Parks), RedEmprendia (the Ibero-American University Network of Business Incubators) and IASP (the International Association of Science Parks). It also has relations with different international parks. The PCUV is linked with different regional and national initiatives, such as: • Industria Conectada 4.0, Spanish Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Tourism. • Red.es, a public organisation appointed to the Spanish Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation. • INCYDE Foundation, the chamber Institute for the Creation and Development of Companies • Research and Innovation Smart Specialisation Strategy of the Comunitat Valenciana (RIS3-CV) • Regional Valencian Ministry of Innovation, Universities, Science and Digital Society. • The Valencian Innovation Agency (AVI), a public organisation accountable to the Regional Valencian Ministry of Innovation, Universities, Science and Digital Society of the Generalitat Valenciana. • The Valencian Institute of Business Competitiveness (IVACE), a public organisation accountable to the Regional Valencian Ministry of Sustainable Economy, Production Sectors, Commerce and Work of the Generalitat Valenciana. Keywords: Information Technology, Electronics, Industrial
Contact Person(s): Mariano Serra Bondia
Phone: +34 963544758
Email: dih@fpcuv.es
Location: Calle catedrático agustín escardino, 9, 46980 Valencia Valencia, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.pcuv.es/en/dih
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Polymers and plastics (very high involvement), Legal Aspects (low involvement), Regulation (low involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (low involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (low involvement), Finance (low involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (low involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), products) (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), optoelectronics (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PDIH
Title: Pomeranian Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Poland
Description: Thanks to the project implementation, Pomeranian Digital Innovation Hub, which was selected by the Ministry of Development and Technology in the pre-selection, will be created. It will be managed by the consortium consisting of the Coordinator (COO), 20 Beneficiaries (BEN) and 11 Associated Partners (AP). Consortium will be coordinated by Pomeranian Special Economic Zone and Gdansk Science and Technology Park due to their important role in the local and regional ecosystem of innovation and entrepreneurship, and will be represented by entities with necessary expertise, experience, and required resources, which will allow successfully accomplish projects goals, tasks and activities. PDIH will act as one stop shop supporting mainly local SMEs, small mid-caps and public sector organizations with their digital and green transformation. PDIH will offer its clients the complete set of the following services: 1) Skills and training; 2) Test before invest; 3) Support to find investments; 4) Innovation ecosystem and networking. Its offer is a wide, yet well-thought-out and tailored to the identified needs of customers, catalogue of services (81 categories), which allows for the implementation of digital and green transformation. PDIH clients will gain access to new skills, technological and investment consulting, practical trainings, as well as access to the innovation ecosystem around PDIH allowing them to establish business relationships in the country and in the whole Europe, which will allow them to increase their competitiveness in the field of their operations by implementing digital solutions of the Industry 4.0. A significant part of the project in addition to the implementation of specialized services is networking and matchmaking activities. PDIH will be active in networking with other representatives of local, regional, national and European innovative ecosystem.
Contact Person(s): Marta Szalecka
Phone: 48723040090
Email: m.szalecka@strefa.gda.pl
Location: Ul. Trzy Lipy 3 bud.B IV p., 80-172 Gdansk, Poland
Type: EDIH
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Public administration (very low involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Technological innovation (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cybersecurity (low involvement), Digital twins (low involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Photonics Bretagne
Title: Photonics Bretagne
Country: France
Description: Photonics Bretagne is a Photonics Innovation Hub located in Lannion (Brittany, France)integrating a cluster supporting innovation in the field of Photonics and its applications and a research and technology organisation (RTO) expert in the development of specialty optical fibers and components. The cluster supports innovation and industrial and technological development of its members (companies, research centers and schools) in order to generate economic growth and create jobs in Photonics, in Brittany. The cluster gathers more than 100 members today. The RTO of Photonics Bretagne develops, provides and sells custom specialty optical fibers and optical components. The RTO also offers services such as scientific studies, technology transfer and consulting in Photonics.
Contact Person(s): Méchin David
Phone: 33296485889
Email: contact@photonics-bretagne.com
Location: 4 rue louis de broglie, Lannion, France
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.photonics-bretagne.com
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PIAP HUB
Title: PIAP HUB
Country: Poland
Description: Ever since PIAP’s origins in 1965 it’s role was to introduce new technologies to industry. PIAP acknowledges the low level of digitalisation in Polish manufacturing companies relative to other European countries and wants to facilitate the upcoming boom in this field in the Mazovian Region and in the whole country. Nowadays PIAP helps companies in the region become more competitive by improving their business/production processes as well as products (and services) by means of digital technology. This is being achieved by offered support with expertise and infrastructure, consulting and training services.
PIAP’s established role of competence centre for robotics, automation and measurements for industrial purposes has been accompanied by a number of services based on the expertise such as technology audits, technology scouting and technology brokering. By runnig a Hub in Warsaw PIAP intends to extend its impact to the SME sector by offering services to companies which currently have a relatively low level of digitisation and which do not have the resources or personnel to address the digitisation challenge.

The hub has access to a number of labs used for scientific and commercial purposes. These are being integrated in processes supporting business in order introduce the one-stop-shop principle. Our goal is to have the capacity to offer companies possibilities to test and experiment with technologies. To support the technology providers and users to carry out an experiment and to test whether the proposed approach would indeed be beneficial for the user. At the same time this experiment can be useful for the provider that has an early customer and can adapt the technology to the needs of a certain class of users.

Technologies developed by PIAP, its partners and clients may take advantage of PIAP’s commercialization good practices offered in the form of supporting service. Upon request they will be subject to commercialization potential evaluation by PIAP special purpose vehicle PIAP-Scientech Sp. z o.o.. The methodology developed in cooperation with an SPV of the Warsaw University of Technology will be applied. If the technologies show potential of commercialization, the process will be launched and the success fee will be distributed among parties involved in commercialization and R&D. Several networks and organizations (National Chamber o Commerce, Polish Institute of Technology, VCs and intermediaries running investment opportunities scans) will be involved in the process. Playing the role core partner in PIAP HUB Fundingbox Accelerator Sp. z o.o. provide access to cascade funding, acceleration andincubation programs and cascade funding distribution.
The role of the animator of the hub will be not only to offer its expertise and resources but most of all to integrate the potential of the whole ecosystem of public and private labs, technology and service providers. Hundreds of project implemented by PIAP resulted in a great network of partners from all sector. Their potential will add to the background PIAP already has and result in creation of a vibrant hub participating in international networks and national initiatives.
Contact Person(s): Lipiec Krzysztof
Phone: +48 22 874 00 18
Email: krzysztof.lipiec@piap.lukasiewicz.gov.pl
Location: Aleje jerozolimskie 202, Warsaw, Poland
Type: DIH
Website: https://piap.lukasiewicz.gov.pl
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PICS2
Title: Puglia Innovation Center for Safety and Security
Country: Italy
Description: Puglia Innovation Center for Safety and Security (PICS2) aims to support Public Bodies and small and medium enterprises operating in Industrial Development Areas and in Special Economic Zones, by transferring culture and awareness to ease and speed up the process of digital and green transition and enhance its impact on personnel. To facilitate change to digital, PICS2 will focus on the issues of intelligent integration of data and services, safety (health and welfare of people, environmental protection, prevention and protection from natural disasters) and security (protection of industrial, logistics, customs and energy infrastructure, both in physical and digital terms). Services will be provided in four key areas: Technologies, Business, Ecosystem and Training. A strict collaboration with others national and European EDIH will be established to explore synergies and management options for digital transition.
Contact Person(s): Patrizia Guida
Phone: 3.93482E+11
Email: guida@lum.it
Location: S.s. 100 km. 18,00, 70010 Casamassima (ba) TA, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (very high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), wholesale or distribution (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: products) (high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PID BERGAMO SVILUPPO
Title: PID BERGAMO SVILUPPO
Country: Italy
Description: PID Bergamo Sviluppo is a non-profit organization, established in the second half of 2017 and managed by the Special Agency of the Chamber of Commerce of Bergamo, named Bergamo Sviluppo: https://www.bergamosviluppo.it/sito/sviluppo-e-innovazione/pid-punto-impresa-digitale.html
In Italy, PIDs and DIHs together with Technology Transfer Centres, Universities and innovation clusters, share the responsibility to provide services for the digitalization of SMEs.
PID Bergamo Sviluppo is part of the 88 PID distributed in Italy created by the “National Plan Impresa 4.0 2017-2020” implemented in May 2017 by the Italian Ministry of Economic Development (hereinafter MiSE): https://www.puntoimpresadigitale.camcom.it/paginainterna/cosa-sono-punti-impresa-digitale-network-impresa-40
PID Bergamo Sviluppo is a one stop shop that offers solutions and services to help SMEs with the digitalization process. Our support, as other DIHs, is focused on:

workshops on Industry 4.0 items and on enabling technologies;
training on the job through experience center based on lean production (labour and service intensive);
self-analysis to define the digitalization level of the local business companies (SELFI4.0)
one to one consulting through expert insight, an original approach to creative problem solving and cost-effective delivery (ZOOM4.0)
economic support through Digital voucher provided by Bergamo Chamber of Commerce.

We are part of Bergamo Sviluppo, recognized by the Lombardy Region as a Research and Technology Transfer Center (RTTC) within the QUESTIO system and by IASP (International Association of Science Parks and Areas of Innovation) as a Science Park since 2013.
Bergamo Sviluppo’s Science Park is located in Dalmine and for 6 years hosts the Business Incubator (active since 2001). The project aims to develop high growth potential business and supporting, at a local and national level, aspiring entrepreneurs or self-employed who wish to work in the field of innovative services or manufacturing activities. The Business Incubator of Bergamo Sviluppo is the ideal place for the growth of innovative ideas, thedevelopment of new technologies, the creation of stimulating synergies and business opportunities.
Contact Person(s): Arrigoni Cristiano
Phone: 00390353888011
Email: arrigoni@bg.camcom.it
Location: Via sebastiano zilioli, 2, Bergamo, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.bergamosviluppo.it/sito/sviluppo-e-innovazione/pid-punto-impresa-di…
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Plan4all
Title: Plan4all z.s.
Country: Czechia
Description: Plan4all, as a Digital Innovation Hub, specializes in integrating open data and implementing advanced technologies for sustainable development planning. Their activities include managing and making diverse datasets accessible, particularly in spatial planning, agriculture, and environmental management. They leverage Geographic Information Systems (GIS), remote sensing, and big data analytics for spatial analysis. Plan4all fosters collaboration by connecting public authorities, private companies, academia, and NGOs, creating a network for knowledge exchange. They emphasize capacity building through training, workshops, and webinars, and engage in research and development, particularly in applying spatial data for planning. Additionally, Plan4all supports policy-making with data-driven insights and advocates for the use of open data and open-source tools, contributing significantly to the open data community. Plan4all's membership in various prestigious organizations highlights its commitment to promoting open data and digital innovation in various sectors. As a member of the Global Open Data for Agriculture and Nutrition (GODAN), Plan4all supports the global effort to make agricultural and nutritionally relevant data available, accessible, and usable for unrestricted use worldwide. Their involvement with the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) aligns with their focus on geospatial data and standards, contributing to the development of open standards for geospatial and location-based services. Being a part of the Big Data Value Association (BDVA) allows Plan4all to engage with the broader European Big Data community, focusing on driving innovation and excellence in data-driven technologies. Their membership in the Research Data Alliance (RDA) reflects their commitment to improving data sharing and interoperability, which is crucial for research and innovation. Furthermore, as one of the Participating Organizations of the Group on Earth Observation (GEO), Plan4all actively contributes to global initiatives that leverage Earth observation data for the benefit of society, particularly in areas like environmental monitoring and sustainable development. Through these memberships, Plan4all not only contributes its expertise but also gains valuable insights and collaborations, reinforcing its role as a key player in the digital innovation landscape.
Contact Person(s): Tomas Mildorf
Phone: 4.20736E+11
Email: mildorf@plan4all.eu
Location: K rybnicku 557, 33012 Horní bříza, Czechia
Type: DIH
Website: https://hub.plan4all.eu/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Education (high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (very low involvement), Environment (high involvement), Life sciences (low involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Smart City (low involvement), Space (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (low involvement), Field trial (low involvement), Knowledge transfer (moderate involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (high involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Big data (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (very high involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Pôle EMC2 Competitiveness cluster for innovation in production technologies
Title: Pôle EMC2 Competitiveness cluster for innovation in production technologies
Country: France
Description: EMC2 is a French competitiveness cluster created in 2005 in the framework of a national initiative for industry competitiveness, operating in the Pays de la Loire and Brittany regions on Advanced Manufacturing Technologies.
The association gathers all the actors of innovation around key markets and technologies to foster the emergence of collaborative projects of R&D. The aim is to reinforce the innovation territorial ecosystem by structuring 4 sectors – aeronautics, naval, ground transportation and energy – in a common and transversal approach: the advanced manufacturing technologies. The vision of the cluster is to promote business development through collaborative innovation, building an innovation path mixing skills, markets and technologies to make innovation R&D projects emerge. EMC2 activities are enhanced by the IRT Jules Verne (Research and Technological Center) created 3 years ago at the initiative of the cluster.
EMC2 leads a network of 380 members composed of SMEs, Large Entreprises (LEs) such as Airbus, STX Europe, Naval Group, Solvay, Dassault… as well as the Research & Technical Organisations of our territory (Ecole Centrale de Nantes, Université de Nantes, Ecole des Mines de Nantes,...). At the end of 2016, the global budget of R&D reached 1.395 bn € for 230 projects launched, including 523M€ of public funds.
Contact Person(s): Touzeau Josselyn
Email: josselyn.touzeau@pole-emc2.fr
Location: Technocampus composites, chemin du chaffault, 44340 Nantes, France
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.pole-emc2.fr/
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: POLIDIH
Title: Pollisia digital innovation hub
Country: Ukraine
Description: The Polissia Digital Innovation Hub (POLIDIH) is a pioneering initiative that aims to drive digital transformation and sustainable development in the Polissya region of Ukraine. Using advanced geographic information systems (GIS), satellite data analytics, and modern digital technologies, POLIDIH enables enterprises, government agencies, and communities to optimize decision-making, improve resource management, and foster innovation.
Focusing on supporting key areas such as small and medium-sized businesses, ecology, industry, agriculture, forestry, public administration, and local self-government, POLIDIH provides customized solutions that address pressing regional challenges. The hub’s comprehensive services range from GIS-based spatial analysis and environmental monitoring to capacity-building programs and funding support, ensuring a holistic approach to digital progress.
As a cornerstone of regional innovation, POLIDIH bridges the gap between local needs and global expertise, creating a robust ecosystem for collaboration, knowledge sharing, and sustainable growth.
Contact Person(s): Tetiana Fedoniuk (international cooperation) Vita Buhaychuck (intra-ukrainian cooperation)
Phone: +380686775995 (international cooperation) +38067390 55 70 (intra-ukrainian cooperation)
Email: polidih.ukraine@gmail.com
Location: Polissia National University, Staryy blvd., 7, Zhytomyr, Zhytomyrs'ka oblast, 10008, Ukraine
Type: EDIH
Website: http://polidih.com.ua/
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), data (very high involvement), Gamification (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
