NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: JSI
Title: Jožef Stefan Institute
Country: Slovenia
Description: Jožef Stefan Institute (JSI) is the Digital Innovation Hub (DIH). As the central part of development, digitization and industrial relations at national and international level, the hub is establishing a system of collaboration between the IJS research departments, the domestic and foreign economy, and the partner networks within the Europe Enterprise Europe Network. The hub provides “one-stop shops” and cross-border technology transfer services in the EU and serves as a contact point for the local ecosystem in Slovenia. Jožef Stefan Institute DIH is an EDIH DIGI-SI that fosters the digital transformation of Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs), start-ups, scale-ups and Public Administration in four strategic priority areas identified in the forthcoming Slovenian smart specialisation strategy: Agri-food, Health, Tourism and Manufacturing. DIGI-SI has access to crucial infrastructure and highly skilled personnel central to foster the digital revolution in both NUTS2 regions of Slovenia and in Europe. The consortium consisting of seven partners with proven complementary expertise in digital transformation support, will take advantage of the existing resources and provide a single point of contact in all four priority areas of Digital Europe Programme: Artificial Intelligence, High Performance Computing, Cyber Security and Advanced Digital Skills. DIGI-SI also offers technology services within Robotics, Internet of Things, Big data, Blockchain and Augmented / Virtual reality. DIGI-SI delivers 70 services on entry, basic, and advanced levels and offer collaboration opportunities to Slovenian ICT players to become external digital technology/service providers providing complementary services to local and EU companies through the DIGI-SI online shop enabling matchmaking in demand and supply of digital resources.
Contact Person(s): Tomaž Justin
Phone: +386 1 477 3243
Email: tomaz.justin@ijs.si
Location: Jamova ulica 39, 1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia
Type: DIH
Website: http://tehnologije.ijs.si/en/?page_id=5080
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (moderate involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Defence (moderate involvement), Electricity (moderate involvement), Energy (high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (moderate involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Nuclear (very high involvement), Security (moderate involvement), Smart City (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (moderate involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), BI tools (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Human computer interaction (moderate involvement), Industrial biotechnology (very high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), optoelectronics (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Organic and large area electronics (moderate involvement), Photonics (very high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Ketenstandaard Bouw en Techniek
Title: Ketenstandaard Bouw en Techniek
Country: Netherlands
Description: Ketenstandaard isa non-profit organization. The industry associations support and create this non-profit operation. We are independent as a non-profict organisation. Itcreates trust in the market. The standards are open.The governance of the organization consists entirely out of market participants who determine the direction and policies of the Ketenstandard.
Ketenstandaard Bouw en Techniek has the ambition to improve the effectiveness and productivity of the entire construction and technology sector through digitalisation and standardisation. This is in line with the ambitions of the ‘Bouwagenda’, which emphasises the need for collaboration trough trust, next to expedited digitalisation and information within the sector. Ketenstandaard aims to stimulate in a most practical manner, a flawless and speedy data-exchange in every phase of the construction process, through one electronic language. This language is encoded in open, independent information standards, meant to meet the standards of the BIM-developments legislation, and thus constitute a strong foundation for the different standards.
The DICO Standard is supporting the local SMEs with their digital transformation. Smaller companies can freely use the DICO EDI Standard. This way we help the whole Dutch construction industry to "think" IT. And also with the ETIM Standard we help small installers and contractors to control product data. This way they can find products better and order them faster.Please make sure that the website targets the DIH and includes the services provided.
More activity supporting members (SME's):
- Helpdesk / support
- Implementation manuals
- Meetings to inform parties
- Conferences
- Management environment available
- Validation tooling is available
- Complete package of examples
- Technical schemas are managed for all standards
- Multiple standards for use
Contact Person(s): D'Hooghe Luuk
Phone: +31 88 1500 800
Email: l.dhooghe@ketenstandaard.nl
Location: Horaplantsoen 16, Ede, Netherlands
Type: DIH
Website: https://ketenstandaard.nl/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Krakow Technology Park
Title: Krakow Technology Park
Country: Poland
Description: Krakow Technology Park (KTP) is a responsible for managing the technology park and special economic zone. Its mission is to support innovative technology oriented businesses at all stages of development from start-ups to SMEs and large enterprises offering them a variety of services. Companies may benefit from office space, advisory services and trainings in business management, product and service development, new technology trends, IPR etc. Having access to know-how on living lab methodology and also knowing the problems, challenges and constraints that start-ups face during the product and/or service development phase, KTP created a new service to support companies - Krakow Living Lab. Krakow Living Lab is a platform for testing products/ services in the conditions in which they are actually used, that is within the city tissue composed of streets, squares, parks, municipal transport, etc.
Krakow Technology Park is one of the key actors in co-creating and implementing the Regional Innovation Strategy and promoting smart specialization and user-driven innovation approaches in the region. It was established in 1997 as the joint initiative of city authorities, Malopolska regional authorities and Krakow’s three largest universities: Krakow University of Technology, AGH University of Science and Technology and the Jagiellonian University.
KTP is member of: International Association of Science Parks and Areas of Innovation, European Business and Innovation Centres Network, European Network of Living Labs, Business and Innovation Centers Association in Poland, The Cracow Chamber of Commerce and Industry, 3 regional clusters: Digital Entertainment, The Krakow Film, MakeIT.
Contact Person(s): Przybylski Wojciech
Phone: +48126401940
Email: biuro@kpt.krakow.pl
Location: Podole 60, Kraków, Poland
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.kpt.krakow.pl/en/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: La Lonja Tech
Title: La Lonja Tech
Country: Spain
Description: La Lonja is an initiatie of the Port Authority of Huelva and Telefonica. La Lonja is an innovation center to promote the socio-economic development of the port sector by working toghether with companies, institutions and entreoreneurs.
Our programmes:
Startup acceleration Programme with an annual call.
FIWARE Tech Programme aailable all year round to integrate and develop solutions based on FIWARE technnology.
 
 
Our Services:
Access to free workspace.
Technnical support and specialized FIWARE training.
Personalized mentoring by specialists from different business areas.
Mdia support and promotion.
Contacts, access to investors and financing tools.
Innovation challenges and chances to pilot your solution at the Port facilities.
Telefonica´s Perks on cutting-edge market tools.
Opportunities for close contact with companies in the Open Future ecosystem.
Keynote speeches, whether you prefer to participate or just attend.
 
Contact Person(s): Pereira Rocío Diaz
Phone: +34669775532
Email: rocio.diaz.pereira@lalonja.tech
Location: Puente muelle de levante, 1 21001 huelva, 21001 Huelva Huelva, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://lalonja.tech/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: La Salle Technova Barcelona
Title: La Salle Technova Barcelona
Country: Spain
Description: La Salle Technova Barcelona Highlights
La Salle Technova Innovation Park (Technova Barcelona) is the innovation park at La Salle–URL,
(www.technovabarcelona.org). Its mission is to provide a high-quality environment for the
development of new technology-based companies and foster technological innovation in SMEs in
the Catalan region. It offers an end-to-end service to new and existent organizations interested in
growing through technological innovation.
Technova connects the R&D capabilities of La Salle–URL with the demands and needs of
organizations in Catalonia. Technova Barcelona coordinates a network of business angels’
investors to provide additional funding sources to the start-ups of the park.
Technova Barcelona incubates over 25 startups that are developing new products and services,
most of them with a strong technological innovation component. Over 50 established companies
in the region use Technova Barcelona innovation and acceleration services in a regular basis.
Technova offers entrepreneurship advice, mentoring programs, innovation consulting, technology
valuation, innovation matchmaking, and technology valuation and transfer to their network of
associated companies and external clients. Furthermore, its extended network includes other
innovation and science parks, start-ups accelerators, a network of individual and corporate
investors, and institutional stakeholders in the promotion of the innovation ecosystem of the
region.
Technova Barcelona is member of the IASP (International Association of Science Parks). Within
this network of more than 400 Science and Technology Parks, Technova Barcelona provides a
challenge call service for innovator companies of Catalonia. Technova calls can reach more than
5000 technological start-ups that can forward solutions to address the challenge. This service
allows Catalan companies to propose cutting-edge technological challenges that can be
transformed to a call to IASP members.
La Salle Technova Barcelona History
La Salle Technova Innovation Park was born in 2001 for developing the third function of the
university, taking advantage of the Education (Talent) and the Research (Technology) of La Salle
Campus Barcelona. In 2016, Technova won the Award as one of the Top 10 Accelerators in
Europe. In 2017, Technova received the Award of the best Business Angel Network by the
Spanish Association of Business Networks (AEBAN). Nowadays host the Presidency of the
International Association of Science Parks and Areas of Innovation (400 Parks in 80 countries).
Contact Person(s): Pique Josep Miquel
Phone: (+34)636467150
Email: jmpique@TechnovaBarcelona.org
Location: Sant joan de la salle, 42, Barcelona, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://technovabarcelona.org/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Laboratory for Advanced Mechatronics - LAMA FVG
Title: Laboratory for Advanced Mechatronics - LAMA FVG
Country: Italy
Description: The Laboratory for Advanced Mechatronics - LAMA FVG - is an international excellence center for industrial product and process innovation, aimed at biomedical, automotive, mechanical and energy sectors.
We develop, innovate, produce mechanical components and fixtures, advanced mechatronics systems using the most recent technologies of virtual engineering, 3D printing, collaborative robotics and digital factory tools by following Industry 4.0 principles.
Contact Person(s): Sortino Marco
Phone: +39 3204366011
Email: sortino@uniud.it
Location: Via sondrio 2, Udine, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.lamafvg.it
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Laser Digital Innovation Hub (LaserLT DIH)
Title: Laser Digital Innovation Hub (LaserLT DIH)
Country: Lithuania
Description: LaserLT DIH – the technology-based non-for-profit hub established a few years ago as the continuation of FP7 APPOLO project. The HUB integrates the whole concept value chain from identifying problems in existing manufacturing processes and new opportunities, offering potential technology solutions and innovations, testing technologies in industrial-grade laboratories, transferring novel research knowledge to manufacturing directly with a search of funding sources and broad-spectrum services for incubation of new technologies. LaserLT DIH is a single one-stop-shop providing access to the latest photonics related knowledge, experience and technologies to improve businesses by digitalising manufacturing processes, products and services.
The vision of Laser LT DIH is to become the strongest DIH on lasers, photonics and advanced manufacturing in Northern-East part of Europe through the development of three main pillars:
1. Competence in laser technologies (Department of Laser Technologies of FTMC);
2. Business support and access to finance (Science and Technology Park);
3. Access to industry (Laser and Engineering Technologies Cluster - LITEK).
Through cooperation in RTD to develop, validate and provide for manufacturing SMEs the world-class laser and engineering technologies. Services provided by DIH will be research, development, designing, prototyping, validation of technologies and equipment, test-batch production, the attraction of funds, market research, incubation and commercialisation. Pilot lines combining laser technologies with complementary ones are under construction to speed up the technology transfer to SMEs. Tight connections with similar DIHs on laser-based manufacturing and advanced manufacturing is established. APPOLO HUB is an initial point, and new H2020 project on Laser DIH is ready to start. The regional network of DIHs for local industry support is under discussion.
Contact Person(s): Račiukaitis Gediminas
Phone: +370 5 2644868; +370 687 25672
Email: gediminas.raciukaitis@ftmc.lt
Location: Savanorių ave. 231, 02300 Vilnius, Lithuania
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.laserlt-dih.lt/en/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: L-DIH
Title: Luxembourg Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Luxembourg
Description: L-DIH is the nation-wide EDIH for Luxembourg (LU). L-DIH focuses on the Manufacturing sector, including logistics. Technologically, we will focus mainly on HPC and Cybersecurity to become a EU EDIH lighthouse in the 2. As one-stop-shop for digital transformation, we will also support the digital transformation endeavours for any technologies (AI, 5G, IoT, robotics...). Our consortium consists of 5 key partners in the LU ecosystem (the national innovation agency, 1 RTO, 1 university and 2 competence centres), 3 associated partners, working closely with 2 national ministries (economy and communication). L-DIH expands on the existing mature innovation ecosystem by deploying 18 new digital transformation services. These services were carefully designed to on one hand integrate L-DIH in the LU ecosystem and leverage the existing services, and on the second hand bridge with the EU digital initiatives. With the consortium, L-DIH bridges with the HPC and Cybersecurity national competence centres to seamlessly leverage the EU efforts in both. We will work according to a structured funnel approach from Inform > Inspire > Engage declined in the 4 EDIH pillars. In stage 1, Inform, we show digitalization opportunities and benefit. In stage 2, Inspire, we work with small groups of common interest SMEs, In stage 3, Engage, we work directly with the SME in a customized digital transformation roadmap. Over 3 years, we will inform more than 250 SMEs multiple time, inspire 125 multiple times and engage at least 72 SMEs. We will self-assess our services and methodologies, along with the continuous market and ecosystem evolutions. We will draw expect to discover which best practices which will be exchanged with the EDIH network. As a member of the EDIH network, we establish a cross-border cooperation with the EDIH from the Greater Region (BE, FR, DE) and we will establish more than 15 corridors. We will bridge heavily with the DTA to become a vibrant member of the EDIH network.
Contact Person(s): Philippe Mayer
Phone: +352 43 62 63 ‑ 676
Email: philippe.mayer@luxinnovation.lu
Location: 5 avenue des hauts fourneaux, 4362 Esch sur alzette, Luxembourg
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: High performance computing (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: LEAP EDIH
Title: LEAP EDIH: Empowering SMEs and Public Services through Digitalization and Cross-Sector Collaboration in Western Ukraine
Country: Ukraine
Description: In today’s fast-changing technological landscape, digital transformation has become critical to ensuring the competitiveness and resilience of businesses and public services. The LEAP European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) is designed to empower small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and the public sector in Western Ukraine to harness the potential of digital technologies. By leveraging expertise in cybersecurity, IoT, AI, and other cutting-edge digital solutions, the LEAP EDIH provides essential services such as testing before investing, workforce training and skills development, support for accessing investments, and networking opportunities with innovation ecosystems.
With a strong regional presence across Lviv, Ternopil, Khmelnytskyi, Volyn, and Rivne, the LEAP EDIH capitalizes on Lviv's position as a technological hub and the most prominent IT center in Western Ukraine. Backed by the Lviv IT Cluster, Ukraine’s most prominent technology association, and its partners, the LEAP EDIH builds on over a decade of experience supporting digital transformation, fostering public-private collaboration, and enhancing regional competitiveness.
The LEAP EDIH aims to strengthen regional industries, including the creative economy, bioeconomy, healthcare, tourism, and manufacturing, by facilitating the adoption of innovative digital tools. The LEAP EDIH seeks to enhance the region’s digital maturity and drive sustainable economic growth through cross-sector collaboration, digital upskilling, and international partnerships. Expected outcomes include increased digital adoption, enhanced workforce readiness, and stronger connections between Ukrainian SMEs, public entities, and European digital innovation networks.
Contact Person(s): Svitlana Skrypka
Phone: +380674898993
Email: svitlana.skrypka@itcluster.lviv.ua
Location: 3 Ulasa Samchuka St, Lviv, Lviv oblast, 79011, Ukraine
Type: EDIH
Website: https://itcluster.lviv.ua/en/
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Consumer products (high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (very high involvement), Defence (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Legal Aspects (very high involvement), Personal services (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), wholesale or distribution (high involvement), Security (very high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), BI tools (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (very high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: LIH
Title: Location Innovation Hub
Country: Finland
Description: The Location Innovation Hub (LIH) is a centre of excellence in location information coordinated by the Finnish Geospatial Research Institute. LIH services are produced in conjunction with a partner network.
Watch the video: What is Location Innovation Hub?
How we operate?
Our customers are particularly companies that want to solve the challenges of digitalisation and strengthen their competitiveness. We also serve the public sector.  Our customers can make their operations more efficient by developing data interoperability, using precise positioning and new generation positioning technologies. We produce tools and  test environments and provide consultation, and training, as well as provide support through networking for companies to obtain funding.  Our development work focuses on four different themes:

the built environment
bioeconomy
health and wellbeing
transport, logistics and traffic.

In these sectors, our customers can develop businesses related to artificial intelligence, high performance computing and cybersecurity. 
What is our goal?
In accordance with the European Data Strategy, interoperable information combined with location information is an indispensable resource for developing competitiveness and innovation capacity. Our activities are aimed at making efficient use of data spaces, for example on developing digital twins. Our goal is to create a functional, permanent location innovation ecosystem for seeking funding, testing services and developing new innovations in Europe.   The Location Innovation Hub, supported by the European Commission, is one of the four digital innovation hubs in Finland (EDIH) and is part of the European network of innovation hubs. 
 
Contact Person(s): Antti JAKOBSSON
Phone: +358505994123
Email: antti.jakobsson@nls.fi
Location: Vuorimiehentie 5, 02150 Espoo, Finland
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.locationinnovationhub.eu/
Active Sectors: Smart City (very high involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement), Security (low involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Location-based applications (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Logistics (very high involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Linz Center of Mechatronics GmbH
Title: Linz Center of Mechatronics GmbH
Country: Austria
Description: LCM is a mechatronic research center and as such, has a long experience of product design. With the organizational areas “Drives” (electric and hydraulic), “Sensors and Wireless Communication”, and “Mechanics and Control” LCM is a solution provider in many different industrial sectors. LCM is is registered as non-profit research organisation in the European Commission Participant Register.
A Core element within LCM is its simulation and modeling know-how which is utilized in process description, automatic machinery design, digital twin creation, predictive maintenance and assistance systems.
LCM hosts and operates its SyMSpace platform that allows autonomous design principles simulation and optimization processes. Within Artificial intelligence, these digital process handling and applying are a vital pillow for further progress (besides machine learning).
The know-how within SyMSpace have leveraged LCM for automation of knowledge-work and have contributed to LCM's white paper on knowledge engines and the network of knowledge engines.
It is the next evolution step beyond the internet of data and is currently piloted at LCM in diverse joint research activities and in open foresight and its overall research strategy.
Contact Person(s): Klinglmayr Johannes
Phone: +4373224686158
Email: johannes.klinglmayr@lcm.at
Location: Altenbergerstr. 69, Linz, Austria
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.lcm.at
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: LTU AI Innovation Hub
Title: LTU AI Innovation Hub
Country: Sweden
Description: LTU AI Innovation Hub
Making northern Sweden the leading region in Applied AI.
The initiative supportsa strong innovation system for growth in the AI industry, a Digital Innovation Hub as a base, in collaboration, research, innovation, applied test-driven development, education and clustering.
The main financier is the European Regional Development Fund and Luleå University of Technology (LTU), Luleå municipality, Skellefteå municipality and Region Norrbotten. Other sources are EU H2020, Interreg and the Swedish National Innovation Agency. The hub has a non-for-profit aim (funding organisations e.g LTU are mentioned above which makes the hub operations possible) and primary target group is SMEs. The Luleå University of Technology (LTU) as the host for the hub guarantees the non-for-profit organisation. To be more precise the hub is operated by two research and innovations centres at LTU i.e.Centre for Distance-spanning Technology (CDT) andProcessIT Innovation.
The chosen focus of the hub is inline with the Norrbotten Smart specialisation strategy (S3) also known as Norrbotten Regional Innovation Strategy (RIS). One of the regional strengths, the core of the Norrbotten economy is nature based economy i.e mineral resources, forest resources and a unique energy infrastructure.
The initiative offers a number ofactivities towards regional companies:
-Company visitsto identify needs,issues and to talk aboutthe potential of AI
-Create meeting places for strategic information work
-Active support for the development of research-based or other innovative solutions
-Possibility for researchers to work in thecompanies for some time
-Develop and implement long (20 months) and for short (10 months) collaborative projects out of real needs and issues that have emerged in meetings with the industry
-Organizing knowledge-enhancing workshops focusing on current topics relevant to the development of AI and machine learning
 
Reference document:https://www.norrbotten.se/sv/Utveckling-och-tillvaxt/Regional-utveckling-och-framtid/Regionalt-utvecklingsuppdrag/Norrbottens-innovationsstrategi/
Contact Person(s): Nilsson Michael
Phone: +46 70 2884520
Email: Michael.Nilsson@ltu.se
Location: Luleå University of Technology, 971 87 Luleå, Sweden
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.ltu.se/ai
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: LUBDIGHUB
Title: Establishment of European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) in Lubelskie region Poland
Country: Poland
Description: Project's goal is to establish and run a regional European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) named LUBDIGHUB in Lublin, Poland. The hub will act as a one-stop shop for the companies in the digital and green (energy) transformation. It will provide complex services to support the deployment of new technologies and innovation to SMEs and public sector organisations conducting non-economic activities. The targeted number of customers is 100. It will support developing capacities in High Performance Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, Advanced Digital Skills. The specialization of LUBDIGHUB is green (energy) transformation. LUBDIGHUB consortium expertise comes from both private companies (solution providers) and local higher educational institutions. The hub will offer customized solutions based on a agile collaborative business model.
Contact Person(s): Marcin Marczuk
Phone: +48 502664036
Email: m.marczuk@fundacja.lublin.pl
Location: Józefa franczaka "lalka", 43, 20-325 Lublin (lubelskie, lublin, lublin), Poland
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Energy (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Łukasiewicz Research Network - Institute of Microelectronics and Photonics (IMiF)
Title: Łukasiewicz Research Network - Institute of Microelectronics and Photonics (IMiF)
Country: Poland
Description: Institute of Electron Technology (ITE) is a public, Polish, non-profit research organization, located in Warsaw, Poland,carrying outapplied research and close-to-market innovation(TRL 3 to 8) in microelectronics, photonics and microsystem domain.The mis­sion of the Insti­tute is to con­duct the basic and applied rese­arch in the field of semi­con­duc­tor elec­tro­nics and phy­sics in order to deve­lop and com­mer­cia­lise inno­va­tive micro- and nano­tech­no­lo­gies and their appli­ca­tions in semi­con­duc­tor micro­elec­tro­nics, opto­elec­tro­nics, pho­to­nics and micro­me­cha­nics.
The Institute is one of the few Polish research institution that develops semiconductor devices and systems using various semiconductor materials (silicon, gallium arsenide, indium phosphide, gallium nitride, silicon carbide). The institute consist of 8 research departments concentrating on AIIIBV photonics (lasers), Silicon detectors, microelectronic components, sensors and MEMS, wide bandgap (e.g. GaN) devices, hybrid (ceramic) technologies, electronic system design, material and device characterization and diagnostics. Three of the departments include also fully equipped technological lines, enabling both scientific research and development of technologies for new devices. Unique facilities and competent staff allow the Institute to create the conditions necessary for the implementation of research results. This task is usually conducted in cooperation with the industry and the scientific community.
The largest, division of Silicon Microsystem and Nanostructure Technology maintains a research infrastructure with a well-equipped over 1000 sq.m. micro/nanoelectronics clean room. Currently it is the only centre in Poland, where fabrication of fully functional microsystems and IC’s based on CMOS/MEMS technology is performed. In parallel to research, the department undertakes a small scale, pilot production of specialized semiconductor devices for Polish and foreign customers.
The goal of the research and development activities carried out at the ITE is to provide industry and scientific communities (with special emphasize on the SME’s ) with access to advanced technology of silicon and III/V based and heterogeneous micro- and nano-devices. Thus, scope of the R&D covers broad range of technologies, from silicon photo- and radiation detectors through integrated circuits up to sensor and microsystem (MEMS and MOEMS), lasers and power devices, including integration of different technologies and devices for interdisciplinary applications. Due to the fact, that sensor technologies and sensor networks have been defined as one of the National Smart Specialization, ITE puts a strong emphasize on research in this domain, developing collaboration with national and international multidisciplinary partners, to provide Polish economy with access to advanced sensor technologies required e.g. for IoT applications.
ITE collaboratewith industrial entities, LE and SMEfocusingon consulting on development and application of tailored microelectronic, nanophotonic and microsystem solutions (including sensors), allowing for digitization of products and their manufacturing. In most cases the service is combined with a joint preparation of national, international or European projects.ITE, acting as a KET Technology Center and Digital Innovation HubsupportsSMEsto go from lab to marketto develop and producenewKETs-based products, helping companies reduce the time-to-market for new innovation ideas:

Dissemination of knowledge on innovative solutions leading to digitization of products and manufacturing; creation of awareness, building of ecosystem;
Finding partners and elaboration of project proposals;
Access to technology expertise and facilities for validation;
Collaborative research
Demonstration;
Proof of concept / lab testing
Prototype development and testing;
Pilot production and demonstration
Product validation / certification
Contact Person(s): Gadomski Sławomir
Phone: +48 604 053 932
Email: slawomir.gadomski@imif.lukasiewicz.gov.pl
Location: Al.lotników 32/46, Warsaw, Poland
Type: DIH
Website: https://imif.lukasiewicz.gov.pl/en/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: LVDH
Title: Loire Valley Data Hub for Centre-Val de Loire region's digitalisation
Country: France
Description: Organised in a consortium, the Loire Valley Data Hub is the one-stop shop in Centre-Val de Loire region to support digital transformation of public administrations & companies. working in key sectors of the Regional Innovation Strategy for Intelligent Specialisation (RIS3) of Centre-Val de Loire.It will support them in exploitation and enhancement of data, through digital technologies (Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity and High-Performance Computing). Completely in line with the Regional Innovation Strategy for Intelligent Specialisation (RIS3) of Centre Val de Loire, the project addresses the exploitation and enhancement of data, on the key areas for the region, namely: cosmetics, health, environment, and agri-food. By bringing together regional actors around a common challenge, the EDIH is pooling skills and services to meet the growing needs of companies and public administrations for digital technologies and thus, generate economic, social, and environmental benefits. The aim is to help them implement key technologies in data management (using Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Cybersecurity). The support provided will enable these organisations to meet the challenges related to data production, integration, exchange, and exploitation in their respective fields, with a perspective of sustainable development. Indeed, the multiple activities deployed on the territories generate the production of numerous digital data. Digital transformation is a major challenge for the competitiveness of regional SMEs, particularly for the above-mentioned key sectors. Indeed, these companies, as well as the public players, are required to manage various types of resources (environmental, plant or animal, or even human). As a result, the exploitation of the data inherent in the management of these resources makes it possible to respond to strong societal and market needs, which are the preservation of the environment, food and health and well-being.
Contact Person(s): Melody Maudelonde
Phone: + 336 67 68 42 38
Email: melody.maudelonde@devup-centrevaldeloire.fr
Location: 6, rue du Carbone, 45100 Orléans, France
Type: EDIH
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (low involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Automotive (very low involvement), Cultural and creative economy (very low involvement), Defence (high involvement), Energy (low involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Food and beverages (moderate involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), wholesale or distribution (moderate involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (low involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: data (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Internet of Things (low involvement), Additive manufacturing (very low involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (moderate involvement), Gamification (very low involvement), Industrial biotechnology (moderate involvement), Logistics (very low involvement), optoelectronics (very low involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Made Different | Digital Wallonia
Title: Made Different | Digital Wallonia
Country: Belgium
Description: The objective of the Made Different | Digital Wallonia is to provide the support needed to companies to transform their activities following the principles of industry 4.0, as promoted by the Region (Marshall Plan 4.0 and Digital Wallonia Strategy). Services offered correspond to the level of digital maturity of the enterprise. They cover awareness activities, diagnosis of digital maturity, definition of a transformation plan and its implementation. They also tackle needs for scale-up, finance and innovation. This initiative is open to all sectors of the industry.
Contact Person(s): Miclotte Jessica
Phone: nan
Email: info@digitalwallonia.be
Location: Avenue prince de liege, 133, Jambes, Belgium
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.digitalwallonia.be/fr/publications/made-different-digital-wallonia
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Malaga TechPark (PTA)
Title: Malaga TechPark (PTA)
Country: Spain
Description: MISSION
Parque Tecnológico de Andalucía (PTA) is a place where national and international companies, entrepreneurs, technology centers and university research groups all come together and generate highly innovative products and services for the global market.
SCOPE
Parque Tecnológico de Andalucía (PTA) has been specially designed to house all types of entities dealing with innovation. The PTA has been established as a high standard location for the installation of innovative SMEs and large companies. It is located in a privileged natural environment, equipped with advanced infrastructures and services, in which a perfect balance between large multinational companies, the university and small and innovative companies has been attained.
Within more than twenty five years, the park has become a point of international reference in terms of science and technology parks where the Information Technologies and Energy sectors dominate, both in Research and Development, and the manufacture of equipment and services, with an innovative and environmentally friendly approach.
With over 630 businesses, and a number of key agents in the Andalusian Knowledge System, such as the University and its research groups, over 17.000 employees, an area of 186 hectares with an expansion project in progress, the PTA represents the innovation ecosystem in Malaga and it can be considered one of the main focuses for innovation and economic development in Andalucía. PTA represents 20% of the gross domestic product (GDP) and employment of the city of Malaga.
Some of the companies -among others- that have chosen the PTA for establishing their headquarters in Andalucia are DEKRA, Ericsson, CGI, IBM, Air Liquide, Aertec, ITRS, PWC, OPPLUS, A-Novo, Accenture, Grupo Cardiva, Premo Group, Huawei, Keysight, The Workshop, Indra, Altra Corp., JBP Beniosca, DXC, Ingenia, Oracle, MADES or Tedial.
Over the past 25 years, the PTA has created an extensive national and international network. Both the International Association of Science Parks and Areas of Innovation (IASP) and the Spanish Association of Science and Technology Parks (APTE) have their headquarters at the PTA.
The PTA and the University of Malaga (UMA) have joined forces to create an international cooperation model to enable both companies and research groups to work together in global markets.
SERVICES PROVIDED
-TRAINING & SKILLS DEVELOPMENT: Promoting the specialized training in order to prepare students and professionals to the specific market needs.
-ENTREPRENEUR & INCUBATOR SUPPORT: Acceleration programs for innovation companies and mentoring. An entrepreneurial culture and a tradition of ongoing enterprise are fundamental to the sustainability of the business development model that has been created at the PTA; the entrepreneurs that started off in the business incubators and pre-incubators have become, in many cases, much larger companies who continue to carry out their activity at the PTA.
- INFRASTRUCTURES & GENERAL SERVICES: Telecommunications Networks, Offices, Waste Point, Hotel, Sport centre, Mobility services, education centre, etc…
-IN THE FIELD OF MATURING OF TECHNOLOGIES: Promoting the entrepreneurship especially among technologists and doctors to enhance the creation of new businesses. Encouraging the installation of national and international companies.
-SCIENTIFIC-TECHNICAL DISSEMINATION: publishing, dissemination and exchange in any medium of research, educational, cultural and artistic creation work developed by the companies. Promoting as well the dissemination of the business entities installed in PTA activity.
-HUMAN RESOURCES: Facilitating the labor market participation of students from the University of Málaga (UMA) through the development of professional practices in Technology Park of Andalusia companies, and helping companies in the process of recruiting according profile required by the job vacancy.
- TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER: Search of partners for RTD projects and supporting companies for the development and production of technologies for specific applications.
- INTERNATIONALIZATION: Support and advice to companies for their business expansion and internationalization.
- Support for access to public and private funding. Access to Investment forums.
- Other: Organization of workshops, innovation meetings, and networking events, creation and promotion of clusters.
PTA IN FEW WORDS:
The Technology Park of Andalucía (PTA) is a:

Authentic model of innovation
Place for international companies
Location for R&D centers
Headquarters of innovation networks
Model of international cooperation
Model of relation with the University
Place for the transfer of technologies from/to traditional sectors
Innovation financing model
Model of public-private investment
Model for the creation and development of innovative companies
Contact Person(s): Gálvez Verdú Clara
Phone: +34951231300
Email: cgalvez@pta.es
Location: Calle maria curie 35, Malaga, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.pta.es/es/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Malta-EDIH
Title: The creation of the Malta-EDIH as part of the network of European Digital Innovation Hubs
Country: Malta
Description: The project proposed, led by the Malta Digital Innovation Authority, foresees the setting up of a single EDIH in Malta titled: DiHubMT. In line with the call for proposals for the EDIHs, the DiHubMT aims at providing the complete set of services of an EDIH on an open, transparent and non-discriminatory basis and targeted towards SMEs, small midcaps and public sector organisations. The following are the main services that will be offered at the DiHubMT:
- Digital Entrepreneurship Support Services to facilitate digital and green transformation with a focus on existing local competencies in the area, namely, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Cybersecurity and High-Performance Computing (HPC). This also foresees the setting up of a Pilot Entrepreneurship Programme (incubator, pre-accelerator and accelerator) and the provision of specialised services in relation to access to finance.
- Technical ‘Test before Invest’ Support Services via the setting up of a High-Tech Workspace which will feature high-end technologies, namely, AI, Cybersecurity / Information security, HPC, Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality, 3D Printing, Drones and Robotics.
- Digital Skills and Training Development to drive cross-sector upskilling and reskilling digital skills educational initiatives with a focus on advanced digital skills linked to short-term training courses, an apprenticeship programme and a train-the-trainer programme.
-I nnovation Ecosystems and Networking to promote the concept of Innovation Communities and facilitate networking and collaboration with the Digital Transformation Accelerator, the European network of EDIHs, and other relevant stakeholders and local actors, to enable the sharing of best practices and specialist knowledge.
- Digital Innovation Policy and Strategy to support the implementation of policies and bridge the gap between the private sector and the European Commission and Government with the aim of developing evidence-based policy making.
Contact Person(s): Bernard Montebello
Phone: +35621828800
Email: bernard.montebello@mdia.gov.mt
Location: Twenty20 business centre, triq l-intronjatur, Zone 3, Central Business District, Birkirkara, Mriehel CBD 3050, Malta
Type: EDIH
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Education (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: High performance computing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Manufacturing Innovation Valley
Title: Manufacturing Innovation Valley
Country: Lithuania
Description: Manufacturing Innovation Valley (Manuvalley) is a Digital Innovation Hub based in the capital Vilnius, in Lithuania,. It is the 1st manufacturing Innospace in the Baltic states with the 50’ty of services specifically prepared for manufacturing companies. A platform for small manufacturers, startups, technology developers, and researchers to carry out manufacturing activities, create digital innovations and prototypes, and test their innovative ideas. Offers the ready to use facilities, manufacturing equipment, and expert advice in around 20 different technology areas.
Contact Person(s): Zubauskienė Jolanta
Phone: +37067707373
Email: jolanta.zubkauskiene@manuvalley.tech
Location: Nalšios g. 11, 08410 Vilnius, Lithuania
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.manuvalley.tech/en/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MD_Zukunftskultur
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Zukunftskultur
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Zukunftskultur supports small and medium-sized enterprises throughout Germany and across all sectors in the two major transformations of "digitalization" and "sustainable development". Our aim is to empower SMEs to develop a sustainable corporate culture. Key topics here are change, communication and sustainability. Through our events, media formats, practical projects and networking with other companies, we provide SMEs with impetus and know-how. You can find all information on our topics and services on our website: https://www.digitalzentrum-zukunftskultur.de Our center is part of the Mittelstand-Digital initiative of the Federal Ministry of Economics and Climate Protection (BMWK).
Contact Person(s): Juliane Damian
Phone: +49 331 / 730404 – 308
Email: juliane.damian@businessschool-berlin.de
Location: C/o unicorn workspaces, am neuen markt 9 e-f, 14467 Potsdam, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.digitalzentrum-zukunftskultur.de/
Active Sectors: Automotive (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Education (moderate involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MDZ Fokus Mensch
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Fokus Mensch
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Fokus Mensch, which can be translated as a SME Digital Centre with the name "Focus on Humans", supports SMEs in identifying the expectations of their users, consumers and corporate customers, rethinking their own product strategy, finding suitable cooperation partners and trying out and establishing the methods and approaches of human-centred digitalisation in their own company in order to position themselves sustainably. This is done along six main topics: Human-centred innovation and design Fairness and diversity Wellbeing and resilience Digital sovereignty Sustainable transformation Artificial intelligence Our goal is supporting SMEs in human-centred digitalisation. The aim is to sensitise and qualify companies for the potential and procedures of human-centricity. To this end, we offer workshops, practical projects and self-learning opportunities to support companies in implementing human-centred approaches. We also focus on networking companies and sharing experiences in order to accelerate the spread of positive experiences and promote sustainable transformation in SMEs. Fokus Mensch is part of the network "Mittelstand Digital Zentren" which is a national programme in Germany: Mittelstand-Digital offers guidance for small and medium-sized enterprises and the skilled crafts as they embrace the digital transformation, and informs them about the opportunities and challenges of digitisation. The Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action makes it possible for all of these services to be rendered free of charge. Mittelstand-Digital Innovation Hubs are part of the nationwide Mittelstand-Digital network The Hubs in the nationwide network support small and medium-sized enterprises and the skilled crafts throughout Germany on an impartial basis by providing: Expert knowledge, workshops and training sessions, demonstration centers, discussion, networking and information events, practial examples on the topic of digitalization. The AI instructors based at the Hubs also offer special support on all issues relating to the use of artificial intelligence – for beginners through to experienced users. Keywords: Research
Contact Person(s): Magdalena Laib And Michael Burmester
Phone: +49 711 8923-3503
Email: m.laib@digitalzentrum-fokus-mensch.de
Location: Nobelstr. 10, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.digitalzentrum-fokus-mensch.de/
Active Sectors: Automotive (moderate involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Consumer products (high involvement), Education (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (moderate involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Displays (high involvement), Gamification (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MDZ Franken
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Franken
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Franken supports companies in northern Bavaria in designing and implementing digital strategies, tools and workflows for digitalisation and sustainability. A particular focus is placed on the use of artificial intelligence and how digitalisation and sustainable business can be combined in a synergetic way. The programme covers the use of artificial intelligence in a wide range of business domains as well as the topics of energy and resource efficiency and sustainability management. The centre's showrooms in Ansbach and Nuremberg offer workshops, training courses, consultation hours and other formats to encourage exchange. Demonstrators, joint model implementations and a roadshow round off the programme. The centre trains and supports the use of digital tools and workflows for the following applications: - Identifying the potential of artificial intelligence in a wide range of business domains and company sizes - Technical applications of AI, e.g. machine learning, computer vision, quality control and process optimisation - Use of digital assistance systems for knowledge assurance, customer communication and other business applications - Sustainability-oriented risk analyses, sustainability management and reporting as well as supply chain management - Energy balancing and energy management - Improved material efficiency, circular thinking and end-of-life planning Cooperation with third parties is an important factor for the centre. Specific collaborations have been agreed with the following associated partners: IHK Nürnberg für Mittelfranken, IHK-Akademie Mittelfranken, IHK Würzburg-Schweinfurt, Handwerkskammer Mittelfranken, Wirtschaftsförderung Nürnberg, Wirtschaftsförderung Ansbach, Digitales Gründerzentrum ANsWERK, EMN Europäische Metropolregion Nürnberg e. V., Hochschulallianz für den Mittelstand, XR Hub Nürnberg – Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality und Mixed Reality Kontaktnetzwerk, Chemie-Cluster Bayern, Bundesdeutscher Arbeitskreis für Umweltbewusstes Management (B.A.U.M.) e.V., Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Klima.Neutral.Digital, Regionales Zukunftszentrum Süd Forschungsinstitut Betriebliche Bildung (f-bb) gGmbH The Academy for Artificial Intelligence (AKI), as one of the four partners of the Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Franken, is a wholly owned subsidiary of the German AI Association and promotes non-profit projects and application-oriented research projects that stand for value-centred development and transparent application of artificial intelligence projects. The goals of AKI is to support science in AI research projects and to strengthen AI awareness among the public. Thanks to the network of the German AI Association, Germany's largest network of AI entrepreneurs and experts, AKI has access to a broad base of experience and contacts. Within the "Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Franken" project, AKI acts as a transfer partner with the aim of initiating and implementing SMEs in AI projects, promoting collaborative cooperation and providing impetus from the expert network.
Contact Person(s): Lisa Kirschbaum
Phone: +49 152 04915872
Email: lisa.kirschbaum@hs-ansbach.de
Location: Rettistraße 56, 91522 Ansbach, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-franken.de/
Active Sectors: Public administration (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), products) (moderate involvement), Gamification (high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MDZ KL
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Kaiserslautern
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital center Kaiserslautern is part of the initiative “Mittelstand-Digital“ by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action (www.mittelstand-digital.de). The Mittelstand-Digital centres, which are located all across Germany, show how digitalisation, innovative networking solutions and Industrie 4.0 applications are used in the daily business practice and they provide active support in the implementation of projects regarding digitalisation. The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Kaiserslautern supports companies from Rhineland-Palatinate and beyond. We offer a broad, up-to-date wealth of knowledge and valuable practical experience in the field of Industry 4.0, AI-(Readiness), datadriven businessmodels and sustainable digitalisation. We focus especially on making the findings from many years of research and implementation work available to small and medium-sized enterprises. Funded by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action (Bundesministerium für Wirtschaft und Klima (BMWK)) Keywords: all german SMEs
Contact Person(s): Anne Schmallenbach
Phone: +49 631 205757035
Email: anne.schmallenbach@smartfactory.de
Location: Trippstadterstraße 122, 67663 Kaiserslautern, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-kaiserslautern.de/
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Consumer products (very high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (low involvement), Financial (low involvement), Food and beverages (low involvement), Leather (low involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (high involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), Real estate (very low involvement), wholesale or distribution (very high involvement), Telecommunications (low involvement), Textiles (low involvement), Transport sector (high involvement), Travel and tourism (low involvement), Paper and wood (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (high involvement), Security (low involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MDZ Smarte Kreislaeufe
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Smarte Kreislaeufe
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Center Smart Circular Economy prepares you for the future and provides you with cross-industry assistance on the following topics: Sustainability | Circular economy - What technologies are available for the circular economy? - Which verification obligations can be supported by data-based assistance systems support? Change management | Data economy - How do I recognize trends and what tools can an SME use for this? - How can internal processes be designed more efficiently? IIoT: from the sensor to the cloud - How can existing systems be made fit for more efficient data acquisition? - What are occasions for IoT projects? New Work | Start-ups - How can the team be involved in the design of digital New Work concepts? - How can new digital business models be developed? Smart + big data | AI - What opportunities and risks arise from AI applications? - Which specific AI applications can be used in the company? Social aspects of sustainability - How can employees be trained to fulfill social obligations along the supply chain? - How are stakeholder relationships established and maintained? The Mittelstand-Digital Center Smart Circular Economy is part of Mittelstand-Digital. The Mittelstand-Digital network offers comprehensive support for digitalization with its Mittelstand-Digital Centers and the initiative IT Security in Business. Small and medium-sized enterprises benefit from from concrete practical examples and provider-neutral offers for qualification and IT security. The Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Protection enables the free use of and provides financial subsidies.
Contact Person(s): Anja Merker
Phone: +49 30 72622048
Email: amerker@textil-mode.de
Location: Reinhardtstr. 14, 10117 Berlin, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.digitalzentrum-smarte-kreislaeufe.de/
Active Sectors: Automotive (low involvement), Consumer products (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Leather (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Textiles (very high involvement), Paper and wood (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (moderate involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (low involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MDZ Spreeland
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Spreeland
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Spreeland informs small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the state of Brandenburg and the region Upper Lusatia about the opportunities and challenges of digitalisation. Do you have specific digital problems in your company that you want to tackle? Or would you like to start a digitalisation project as a company yourself? Then you've come to the right place! We provide you with vendor-neutral support - at no cost to you. The aim of the centre is to improve the holistic understanding of digital transformation in SMEs and to support the implementation of future-proof digital applications. SMEs are supported in their digital transformation through concrete digital applications, demonstration and testing opportunities, experience spaces, customisable offers for companies and a large number of practical examples. Employees, social partners and managers are actively involved at an early stage in order to introduce new technologies and business systems in an employee-friendly way. One focus of our work is our AI trainer programme, which supports you in the introduction of artificial intelligence (AI) in your company. Specific use cases are used to demonstrate the benefits of AI in the areas of data analysis, assistance systems and intelligent production. In our workshops, we train your employees - also in company-specific formats. Various demonstrators are made available in our roadshow and in our stationary model factories in Cottbus and Wildau. Companies can also train their own AI algorithms in the Open AI Lab. We also address questions about the influence of AI on entrepreneurs and works councils and provide advice on how to organise its introduction. Activities: - Inform - Train - Realise - Networking - individual offers (workshops, projects) - AI & 5G test environment Industries: cross-sector, manufacturing industry Project Management Organisation: DLR project management organisation Funding Organisation: Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Protection (BMWK)
Contact Person(s): Randolf Schmitt
Phone: +0049355-5171
Email: info@digitalzentrum-spreeland.de
Location: Lg3a, siemens-halske-ring 14, 03046 Cottbus, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.digitalzentrum-spreeland.de/
Active Sectors: Automotive (low involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Education (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (low involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MDZH
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Hannover
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Hannover offers company meetings, training and support for digitalization and AI projects in companies. Thanks to funding from the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action, the center's services are free of charge. The aim of the center is to enable companies to independently create the conditions to drive forward digitalization measures and use artificial intelligence.
Contact Person(s): Gerold Kuiper
Phone: +49 511 762 18325
Email: kuiper@mitunsdigital.de
Location: Osteriede 6, 30827 Garbsen, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-hannover.de/
Active Sectors: Education (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MDZLR
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Ländliche Regionen
Country: Germany
Description: Als Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum richten wir unseren Fokus gezielt auf kleine und mittlere Unternehmen in ländlichen Regionen und unterstützen sie bei der digitalen Transformation. Mit unserem breitgefächerten Angebot adressieren wir dabei gezielt die Bedürfnisse und Herausforderungen von KMU und unterstützen sie dabei, sich zukunftsfähig und resilient aufzustellen. Wir verfolgen einen menschzentrierten, sozialpartnerschaftlichen und nachhaltigen Ansatz und sind überzeugt, dass Digitalisierung nur gemeinsam gelingen kann. Aus diesem Grund steht bei uns nicht die Technik, sondern der Mensch, der sie nutzt, im Mittelpunkt. Um die anstehenden Transformationsherausforderungen erfolgreich zu meistern, müssen Digitalisierung und Nachhaltigkeit immer zusammengedacht werden, sowohl auf ökologischer, ökonomischer als auch sozialer Ebene. Mit unseren Angeboten wollen wir KMU die Chancen und Möglichkeiten, aber auch konkrete Anwendungsbereiche von Digitalisierung näherbringen. Mit Informations- und Vernetzungsveranstaltungen wollen wir aktuelles Digitalisierungswissen aufbauen und Unternehmen die Möglichkeit geben, sich zu Digitalisierungsthemen auszutauschen und voneinander zu lernen. Unsere Qualifizierungs- und Workshopformate richten sich an alle Mitarbeiter:innen in Unternehmen und vermitteln Know-how und Methoden, um die Digitalisierung im eigenen Unternehmen umzusetzen. Im Rahmen von Projekten unterstützen wir Unternehmen bei der gezielten Umsetzung von Digitalisierungsvorhaben. Unsere Demonstratoren machen digitale Innovationen erlebbar und zeigen die Machbarkeit von Digitalisierungslösungen. Unser Angebot ist für Unternehmen kostenfrei, anbieterneutral und praxisnah. Das Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Ländliche Regionen gehört zu Mittelstand-Digital. Mit dem Mittelstand-Digital Netzwerk unterstützt das Bundesministerium für Wirtschaft und Klimaschutz die Digitalisierung in kleinen und mittleren Unternehmen und dem Handwerk. Das Mittelstand-Digital Netzwerk bietet mit den Mittelstand-Digital Zentren, der Initiative IT-Sicherheit in der Wirtschaft und Digital Jetzt umfassende Unterstützung bei der Digitalisierung. Kleine und mittlere Unternehmen profitieren von konkreten Praxisbeispielen und passgenauen, anbieterneutralen Angeboten zur Qualifikation und IT-Sicherheit. Das Bundesministerium für Wirtschaft und Klimaschutz ermöglicht die kostenfreie Nutzung und stellt finanzielle Zuschüsse bereit.
Contact Person(s): Thomas Crämer
Phone: +49 271 740 2916
Email: craemer@digitalzentrum-lr.de
Location: Kohlbettstr. 15, 57072 Siegen, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-lr.de/
Active Sectors: Automotive (moderate involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Consumer products (moderate involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), Textiles (moderate involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Paper and wood (moderate involvement), Polymers and plastics (moderate involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (moderate involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), SME support (moderate involvement), Technological innovation (moderate involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (moderate involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Communication network (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MDZT
Title: Mittelstand Digital Zentrum Tourismus
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Centre for Tourism supports small and medium-sized enterprises in the tourism industry in their sustainable digital transformation. It provides practice-orientated knowledge on digital technologies, data systems and other digital solutions along the entire travel chain. It connects businesses and digital solution providers and focusses on technology and future topics that are particularly relevant to the industry. By offering targeted information, events, workshops and mentoring programmes, it enables companies in the tourism industry to make their business models resilient and, in the best case, sustainable and regenerative. The Mittelstand-Digital Centre for Tourism is part of Mittelstand-Digital. With the SME Digital Network, the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Protection (BMWK) supports digitalisation in small and medium-sized enterprises and the skilled trades. The BMWK enables free use and provides financial subsidies. Further information can be found at www.mittelstand-digital.de.
Contact Person(s): Dr. Simone Wurster
Phone: +493031476630
Email: simone.wurster@tu-berlin.de
Location: Technische universität berlin, hardenbergstr. 16-18, 10623 Berlin, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-tourismus.de/
Active Sectors: Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Mobility (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MECH-E-DIH
Title: Establishment and development of Digital Innovation Hub Mechanika, Bulgaria
Country: Bulgaria
Description: The project’s main objective is to establish and develop Digital Innovation Hub Mechanika in town of Peshtera, South Central Region of Bulgaria, which supports SMEs, small-midcaps and public entities in digital transformation through providing services as testing before investing and trainings and consultancy, as well as through providing support to find investment and to find effective collaborations in regional innovation ecosystem. The DIH Mechanika digitalisation objectives are focused on footwear and garment production industry and the related to the shoe industry green and low-carbon technologies. Project’s objectives will be achieved through investments in robotics and 3D technologies for the establishment of digitalisation and industrial design center within the hub, through providing access and services to SMEs, small-midcaps and public entities in development of digital and low-carbon technologies for the footwear and garment industry, as well as through activities for networking and cooperation. The described project’s objectives correspond to the priorities of the call for proposals. The project as well as the programme aims at developing capacities in advance digital skills and best use of technologies for accelerating economic development. Both, the project and the programme aim at accelerating digital transformation in SMEs, small-midcaps and public organisations and both the project and the programme are focusing on development of Industry 4.0 principles through introduction of AI and digital technologies in the manufacturing process. The effect of the project implementation is the increased capacity for digital transformation and innovation activities, including increased innovation potential in the South Central planning region in the field of automation and digitalisation of the footwear and garment industry.
Contact Person(s): Gyursel Ingilizov
Phone: +359886910000
Email: office@ingilizgroup.com
Location: 1 hristo cikalov str., 4550 Peshtera, Bulgaria
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Leather (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Prototyping (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement), Circular economy (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Robotics (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MicroCyber
Title: MicroCyber
Country: Italy
Description: The MicroCyber EDIH aims at establishing a set of services and infrastructures focusing on cybersecurity, to be offered to Micro and Small, and enterprises (MSE) in the South of Italy while also supporting public entities – both local and central – in understanding their cybersecurity needs. 
MSEs in the South of Italy need to improve their cybersecurity awareness and preparedness, as a key enabler for operating and thriving in the digital economy. Still, these MSEs are often unable to face the costs for accessing resources needed to improve their cyber-preparedness and are not able to find training and capacity building programs tailored to their needs and resources availability.
To respond to these needs, MicroCyber offers a diversified set of services devoted to its target groups, including assessment of digital and cyber maturity and relevant needs, cyber-range activities to explore and test cybersecurity scenarios and solutions, personalised skills and training activities, networking, also via the involvement in ecosystems and events, as well as support services to access microfinance tools and other financial resources, which the MicroCyber EDIH is perfectly positioned to deliver leveraging the unique expertise of its Coordinator, Ente Nazionale per il Microcredito (ENM).
At the same time, the MicroCyber can build on the unique combination of expertise available within its consortium, with public entities, universities, large SMEs associations, research consortia, private consultancy companies, all equally committed to deliver the highest quality in services, while offering networking and collaboration with the best digital expertises in Europe, via other EDIHs, the Digital Transformation Accelerator, and a variety of other networks in the digital domain available at the local and national level.
Contact Person(s): Giovanni Nicola Pes
Phone: +390686956919
Email: centrostudi@microcredito.gov.it
Location: Via vittoria colonna 1, 00193 Roma RM, Italy
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.microcyber.eu/2025/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (high involvement), Consumer products (high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), wholesale or distribution (very high involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Ecosystem building (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MIDAS
Title: Manufacturing Innovation Digital Advancement Services Hub
Country: Türkiye
Description: MIDAS is dedicated to transforming the manufacturing sector through comprehensive digital and green innovation initiatives, with a primary focus on supporting Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) within Türkiye and the broader European Union framework. By establishing a European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) in Türkiye, MIDAS bridges the gap between cutting-edge digital technologies and the evolving needs of the manufacturing industry. The hub offers a wide array of services designed to enhance digital capabilities, foster innovation, and drive sustainable growth among SMEs.
Key Objectives and Services
1. Supporting Digital and Green Transformation

Digital Maturity Assessments: Evaluate the digital capabilities of 100 SMEs using advanced tools like DMA and SIRI to create tailored transformation strategies.
Training Programs: Enhance digital literacy and skills in AI, Big Data, Machine Learning, and Web 3.0 through targeted training initiatives.
Consultancy and Mentorship: Provide personalized consultancy to develop Digital Maturity Plans, access funding opportunities, and integrate innovative solutions.
Pre-Investment Testing: Offer a dedicated demo hub with the latest digital infrastructure, enabling SMEs to test and adopt suitable technologies before significant investments.

2. Increasing Organisational and Financial Capacities


Comprehensive Support Package: Provide access to digital tools that improve organizational efficiency, enhance marketing strategies, drive R&D activities, and develop high-quality products while reducing costs.


Funding Access: Assist SMEs in navigating financial barriers by connecting them with funding sources such as SME loans, venture capital, angel investors, and government incentives through partnerships with ISTKA and ARI.


Workshops and Webinars: Conduct interactive workshops and webinars to share knowledge, best practices, and build a robust innovation ecosystem, engaging over 600 participants and providing hands-on training for 64 SMEs.


3. Collaborating with the European Digital Innovation Hubs Network

Networking and Collaboration: Establish strong connections with existing EDIHs across Europe, such as ITBaltic, to foster long-term partnerships and collaborative projects, enabling resource sharing and joint innovation initiatives.
Stakeholder Engagement: Unite key industries, organizations, regulatory bodies, startups, and SMEs to create a vibrant collaborative environment and produce policy recommendation papers based on empirical evidence.
International Research and Innovation Calls: Facilitate participation in prestigious programs like Horizon Europe, Eurostars, Eureka, Eranet, Digital Europe Program, TÜBİTAK, and KOSGEB, thereby increasing the visibility and competitiveness of Turkish SMEs on a global scale.
Contact Person(s): İclal DEMİRTAŞ
Phone: 0212 454 0638
Email: iclal.demirtas@itkib.org.tr
Location: Yenibosna Mah. Sanayi Cad. Dış Ticaret Kompleksi, B Blok, 34197 Istanbul, İstanbul, Türkiye
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.ihkib.org.tr/en
Active Sectors: Textiles (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Polymers and plastics (high involvement), Consumer products (moderate involvement), Electricity (moderate involvement), Energy (low involvement), Environment (low involvement)
Provided Services: Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Internet of Things (very high involvement), Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), BI tools (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Displays (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), products) (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MIGHTY EDIH
Title: Mid Sweden Industry and GovTech EDIH
Country: Sweden
Description: MIGHTY EDIH (MIGHTY) will contribute to the European digital and green transition of SMEs, small-midcaps and public entities (Target groups), with special focus on Manufacturing industry and Govtech all over Europe. Building on a vast experience of bringing these sectors together in already ongoing cross-border collaborations, this combination will be a strong driver for innovative and silo-breaking digital and green transition of local companies and public actors. MIGHTY is based in two cohesive NUTS-2 regions (North Middle Sweden and Middle Norrland) covering 30 % of Sweden's area. Twinning together the regional S3-strategies for smart specialization with the European strategic goals for digital and green transition, MIGHTY will contribute from both a bottom-up and top-down perspective to make Europe climate neutral by 2050 in accordance with the Paris Agreement by strengthen the resilience and competitiveness of European industry and speed up the uptake and digitalisation within the public sector. Project partners will function as One-Stop-Shop, ensuring wide-spread local presence offering all EDIH-services foreseen in all regions in the spirit that all SMEs should have access to an EDIH within working distance. Cooperation with regional Industrial Networks is key in reach out to manufacturing SME in all regions. MIGHTY is built on long time established and well recognized non-profit-organizations already functioning as regional digital innovation hubs and science parks. This consortium is coordinated by RISE Research Institutes of Sweden and has a strong backing from the regions as well as from the four regional universities. Joining forces in MIGHTY means the consortium will evolve further and faster to better support target groups by leveraging and exchanging services, experience, and know-how of each other and of EDIHs across Europe, supporting the goals in DIGITAL and European Green Deal.
Contact Person(s): Torbjörn Jonsson
Phone: +46702110806
Email: torbjorn.jonsson@ri.se
Location: Magasinsgatan 10, 82445 Hudiksvall, Sweden
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://www.mighty-edih.se/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (low involvement), Environment (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Logistics (low involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Minalogic
Title: Minalogic
Country: France
Description: Minalogic is a global innovation cluster for digital technologies serving France’s Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.
The cluster supports the region’s leading innovators by facilitating networking, fostering collaborative R&D, and providing companies with personalized assistance throughout all phases of business growth. The products and services developed by our members address all industries, from ICT and healthcare to energy, advanced manufacturing and mobility. Minalogic’s roadmap concentrates on 11 markets considered as strategic for our members: ICT, Healthcare, Energy & Environment, Advanced manufacturing, Agrifood & Foodtech, Aerospace & Defense, Mobility & Transportation; Finance & Insurance; Smart Cities & Buildings, Trade & distribution.
Minalogic was founded in 2005 and today boasts approximately 400 members, including 350 companies. Our companies are developing components or integrating solutions/systems related to sensors, cameras, communication, IoT and cyber-physical systems, data analytics and artificial intelligence.
The cluster has certified more than 586 projects that have secured total government funding of €881 million of the more than €2,2 billion in total R&D spending these projects represent. The 72 projects completed to date have resulted in 86 products (either on the market or in the process of being prepared for market release) and generated €3,6 billion in revenue.
Minalogic was awarded with Gold Label for Cluster Excellence for 2nd time in 2016 assessing of the high quality of its management and the impact of its activities, thanks to the cluster’s highly motivated, competent and committed team of 19 people.
Minalogic is founding member of the Silicon Europe Alliance. In the Silicon Europe Alliance 12 leading European clusters for innovative electronics & software technologies bring together the technological expertise and resources of Europe’s leading players in micro- and nanoelectronics, photonics and artificial intelligence three of the EC recognised “Key Enabling Technologies”. This “cluster of clusters” represents over 2 000 members (over 75% SMEs) and more than 250,000 jobs. This makes the Silicon Europe Alliance one of the biggest technology clusters in the world.
Contact Person(s): Quintin Laure
Phone: +33 6 04 91 17 99
Email: laure.quintin@minalogic.com
Location: C/o cea grenoble - 29, rue félix esclangon, 38054 Grenoble, France
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.minalogic.com/fr
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MINASMART
Title: MINASMART
Country: France
Description: Although the Auvergne Rhone Alpes region is a highly innovative hot-spot and unique ecosystem in France, where SMEs are the leading employer, there is still a significant number of “traditional” SME not embracing the full potential given by digital technology to optimize and scale-up their activities. 
The operational DIH and EDIH candidate MINASMART will unite the regional innovation key stakeholders to support the digital transformation, drive the economy and foster technological excellence. The core teams is composed by 3 digital innovation clusters, 2 Research and Technical Organisations and 7 Innovation Clusters, that cover traditional SMEs and address key sectors of the the Regional smart specialization strategy (S3) : Energy, Health, Mobility and Intelligent transport systems, Chemistry and the Environment, Agritech and Foodtech, Textile. Key technologies (Edge AI, CybersecurityHPC, CPS and ) are considered in the deployment of 17 services for SMEs, raising digital awareness, ensuring knowledge transfer from technology experts, increasing competitiveness through digital transformation, supporting the green and digital twin transition and build long-lasting EDIHs collaborations.
MINASMART will simplify innovation support ecosystem for all entities through a one-stop-shop that will gather around one consortium, common objectives and coordinated actions, all the services needed to tackle digital issues from upstream (research) to downstream (applications). MINASMART objective is to facilitate the digital transformation of more than 2000 SMEs per year by its 3rd year. To further support companies in their digitalization and overcome the financial barriers they face, MINASMART aims to raise more than 50M€ per year through public and private funding. MINASMART actions will also benefit to society and support a profound and sustainable transformation of jobs and skills needed to meet the challenges of a more digitized world.
Contact Person(s): Cécile AILLERIE
Phone: 06 09 88 73 74
Email: cecile.aillerie@minalogic.com
Location: Campus Région du Numérique - 78 Rte de Paris, 69260 Charbonnières-les-Bains, France
Type: EDIH
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Environment (high involvement), Security (very high involvement), Textiles (high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Miro Innovation Lab
Title: Miro Innovation Lab
Country: Germany
Description: The MIRO Innovation Lab (MIL) is an open innovation lab in the field of medical robotics. Funded by the Helmholtz Association with the goal to support cooperative research in medical robotics, it enables close collaboration between the Institute of Robotics and Mechatronics of the German Aerospace Center (DLR), clinical partners, participating industrial partners, and other research institutions.
Contact Person(s): Unterhinninghofen Roland
Phone: +49 8153 28-2163
Email: miroinnovationlab@dlr.de
Location: Münchener str. 20, Oberpfaffenhofen-wessling, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://miroinnovationlab.de
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Centre Ilmenau
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Centre Ilmenau
Country: Germany
Description: To smartly connect the strengths of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the region for mutual benefit, the focus of the Mittelstand 4.0 Competence Centre is on the interactive networking of employees, machines and processes. Especially cooperation between smaller companies to digitize business processes is supported. The aim is to set up these companies future-proof for the digital economy. In five model factories of the competence center, businessmen from medium-sized companies can familiarize with digital production solutions and try them out. In addition, the competence center supports companies through a variety of information events, workshops, projects and expert contacts. The entire offer of the competence center is free and supplier neutral.
Contact Person(s): Matthesius Mauricio
Phone: +49(0)3677/695076
Email: matthesius@kompetenzzentrum-ilmenau.de
Location: Gustav-kirchhoff-platz 2, Ilmenau, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.kompetenzzentrum-ilmenau.digital/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Augsburg
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Augsburg
Country: Germany
Description: #NAME?
Contact Person(s): Elisabeth Rung
Phone: +49 89 278 287-60
Email: Elisabeth.Rung@ibi.de
Location: Vdma bayern, denninger str. 84, 81925 münchen, 81925 München, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-augsburg.de/
Active Sectors: Consumer products (moderate involvement), Education (very high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), Gamification (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Bau
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Bau
Country: Germany
Description: With the Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Bau, small and medium-sized companies in the construction and real estate industry have a strong partner who supports them on their way to the digital and sustainable future. We impart digital skills, promote the implementation of practical solutions and network those involved in the process. Our provider-neutral and free offers cover the entire construction value chain by combining digitalization and sustainability: from project development to dismantling. As a "Mittalestand Digital Zentrum", we are part of the national network of medium-sized digital centers with the aim of supporting small and medium-sized companies in their digital transformation.
Contact Person(s): Thomas Kirmayr
Phone: +498024643250
Email: thomas.kirmayr@ibp.fraunhofer.de
Location: Fraunhoferstraße 10, 83626 Valley, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.digitalzentrumbau.de/
Active Sectors: Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (high involvement), Real estate (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Legal Aspects (high involvement), Regulation (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Berlin
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Berlin
Country: Germany
Description: langfristig wirtschaftlicher, resilienter, agiler und wettbewerbsfähiger zu machen. Das Zentrum bietet hierfür eine Vielzahl von Unterstützungsmaßnahmen, darunter Workshops, Webinare, Veranstaltungen und Online-Content, um KMU bei ihrer digitalen Transformation zu begleiten. Erlebnisstationen und Erlebnisräume werden entwickelt, in denen Mittelständler die Möglichkeiten der Digitalisierung vor Ort erleben und begreifen können. So ermöglicht der Showroom am AI Campus in Berlin es Unternehmen, digitale Lösungen live zu erleben. Hier können sie beispielsweise erfahren, wie man mit einer VR-Brille ein virtuelles Büro einrichtet, welche Chancen Augmented Reality im Online-Handel bietet und welche aktuellen KI-Anwendungen für Unternehmen verfügbar sind. Als Ergänzung dazu wurde im Februar der KI-EscapeRoom in Werder (Havel) eröffnet, ein spielerisches Angebot, das die Möglichkeiten von Künstlicher Intelligenz im unternehmerischen Alltag vermittelt. Darüber hinaus unterstützen qualifizierte KI-Trainer:innen der Zentren Unternehmer:innen dabei, die Potenziale und Grenzen von Künstlicher Intelligenz zu erkennen und die richtigen Technologien für ihre spezifischen Anwendungsfälle auszuwählen. Das Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Berlin gehört zum Mittelstand-Digital Netzwerk. Das Mittelstand-Digital Netzwerk bietet mit den Mittelstand-Digital Zentren und der Initiative IT-Sicherheit in der Wirtschaft umfassende Unterstützung bei der Digitalisierung. Kleine und mittlere Unternehmen profitieren von konkreten Praxisbeispielen und passgenauen, anbieterneutralen Angeboten zur Qualifikation und IT-Sicherheit. Das Bundesministerium für Wirtschaft und Klimaschutz ermöglicht die kostenfreie Nutzung der Angebote von Mittelstand-Digital. Keywords: cross-industry
Contact Person(s): Alexander Krug
Phone: +49 30 533206 – 570
Email: alexander.krug@bvmw.de
Location: Ai campus berlin, max-urich-straße 3, 13355 Berlin, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.digitalzentrum-berlin.de
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Chemnitz
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Chemnitz
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Center Chemnitz is a contact point for small and medium-sized companies from all over Saxony that are interested in the topics of digitalization and artificial intelligence. The aim is to introduce companies to forward-looking topics, strengthen their digital expertise and support the development of new strategies. The center therefore focuses on digital business models and technological solutions, including the application of artificial intelligence. The focus is also on topics such as IT security, law and sustainability. The Mittelstand-Digital Center Chemnitz offers a wide range of free and provider-neutral services. These include workshops, seminars, guidelines and project support. All offers are aimed at both beginners and experienced entrepreneurs. Demonstrators are used in test and training environments to try out individual digitalization solutions. These illustrate how digital solutions can be implemented in practice. The center works closely with a network of partners. This cooperation enables comprehensive support for companies in the field of digitalization and artificial intelligence.
Contact Person(s): Luise Weißflog
Phone: +49 (371) 531 36301
Email: luise.weissflog@digitalzentrum-chemnitz.de
Location: Erfenschlager straße 73, 91250 Chemnitz, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-chemnitz.de/
Active Sectors: Automotive (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Energy (high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), wholesale or distribution (high involvement), Security (high involvement), Legal Aspects (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Darmstadt
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Darmstadt
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Darmstadt supports small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in their efforts to digizite their business with hands-on-oriented services. All services provided are fully funded by the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action and create no additionals costs for the recipient. The service includes initial help and orientation for SMEs as well as the support of specific projects. We are also happy to visit companies and partners on site for events and technical consulting. With our online seminars, we offer easily accessible and flexible entry-level formats. We support SMEs that are operating in the manufaturing sector with six key fields of expertise: 1. digital manufaturing 2. product and service development 3. digital work 4. cybersecurity 5. climate-neutral manufacturing 6. artificial intelligence A total of seven partners are pooling their expertise in the Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Darmstadt: The Institute PTW at TU Darmstadt, the Institutes IAD and PtU and PLCM, the Fraunhofer LBF, the Fraunhofer IGD in Darmstadt and the Chamber of Industry and Commerce in Darmstadt. The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Darmstadt is one of 29 centers nationwide in the Mittelstand-Digital network. With Mittelstand-Digital, the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy supports digitalization in small and medium-sized enterprises. By working together in the network, we can offer cross-center support and always put SMEs in touch with the right partner if required.
Contact Person(s): Nik Weisbrod
Phone: +49 6151 8229-757
Email: n.weisbrod@ptw.tu-darmstadt.de
Location: Rheinstraße 89, 64295 Darmstadt, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-darmstadt.de/
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Hamburg
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Hamburg
Country: Germany
Description: The “Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Hamburg” is a centre of excellence which aims to drive forward the digital transformation of small and medium-sized enterprises within the region of Hamburg, Germany. The “Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum” is part of the initiative “Mittelstand-Digital“ by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy (www.mittelstand-digital.de). The Mittelstand-Digital centres of excellence, which are located all across Germany, show how digitalisation, innovative networking solutions and Industrie 4.0 applications are used in the daily business practice.
Keywords:
All sectors.
Contact Person(s): Schüßler Jörn
Phone: +49 40 36138-508
Email: joern.schuessler@hk24.de
Location: Adolphsplatz 1, 20457  Hamburg, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-hamburg.de/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Handel
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Handel
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Handel is the sector-specific contact point for small and medium-sized retail and wholesale companies in Germany. It supports SMEs in making their business models sustainably future-proof with the help of digital applications and technologies. Funded by the Initiative Mittelstand-Digital of the Federal Ministry of Economics and Climate Protection, the centre is made up of the German Retail Association (HDE), ibi research, EHI Retail Institute, IFH Cologne and the German Research Centre for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI).
Contact Person(s): Marilyn Repp
Phone: 030 72 62 51-56
Email: repp@hde.de
Location: Spichernstraße 55, 50672 Köln, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrumhandel.de/
Active Sectors: wholesale or distribution (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (low involvement), Finance (low involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (low involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Handwerk
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Handwerk
Country: Germany
Description: The “Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Handwerk” has been supporting craft businesses and craft organizations since 2016 in taking advantage of the opportunities offered by digital technologies, processes and business models – free of charge, provider-neutral and throughout Germany. Keywords: Digitalization in crafts
Contact Person(s): Stephan Blank
Phone: 030 20619-0
Email: info@handwerkdigital.de
Location: Zentralverband des deutschen handwerks e.v. (zdh), mohrenstraße 20/21, 10117 Berlin, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.handwerkdigital.de/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (low involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (low involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cybersecurity (low involvement), Digital twins (low involvement), Internet of Things (low involvement), Virtual Reality (low involvement), Robotics (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Lingen.Münster.Osnarbrück
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Lingen.Münster.Osnarbrück
Country: Germany
Description: Our mission: to digitize the SME sector! Because we believe that the digital transformation brings new opportunities - and we want to make these available to everyone! The digital transformation is changing the world of work in many ways. New business models and competitive structures are emerging. Innovative technologies and the use of data are creating additional opportunities. Digitalization should simplify and optimize processes, relieve employees, enable flexibility and make your company fit for the future in the long term. The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Lingen.Münster.Osnabrück therefore accompanies small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) on their path to digital transformation and supports them in the design and implementation of sustainable business models.
Contact Person(s): Michael Schnaider
Phone: 05918076981
Email: schnaider@it-emsland.de
Location: Kaiserstraße 10b, 49809 Lingen, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-lmo.de/
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Gamification (high involvement), Human computer interaction (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Magdeburg
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Magdeburg
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Magdeburg supports small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs for short) on their digital transformation journey towards competitive products and services, innovative business models and efficient value creation networks. We empower companies and craft businesses and are a cross-industry contact point in the Experimental Factory in Magdeburg.
Contact Person(s): Dr. Stefan Voigt
Phone: 0391 - 544 86 222
Email: stefan.voigt@vernetzt-wachsen.de
Location: Sandtorstraße 23, 39106 Magdeburg, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.digitalzentrum-magdeburg.de/
Active Sectors: Energy (very low involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very low involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very low involvement), Cybersecurity (very low involvement), Gamification (very low involvement), Internet of Things (very low involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very low involvement), Logistics (very low involvement), Virtual Reality (very low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Rheinland
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Rheinland
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Rheinland supports SMEs in the Rhineland to make their companies ready for the future by themselves, using digitalization methods and technologies. The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Rheinland also provides help in the field of AI especially in the production, construction and trade sectors. The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Rheinland is part of the Mittelstand-Digital initiative.
Contact Person(s): Dario Luipers
Phone: +491622875525
Email: dario@digital-rheinland.de
Location: Gottfried-hagen-straße 60, 51105 Köln, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://mittelstand-digital-rheinland.de/
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Health care (low involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Real estate (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (low involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (low involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Gamification (high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Rostock
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Rostock
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Rostock offers professional support and tailored solutions to small and medium-sized enterprises in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, that enable them to benefit from the digital transformation. With our experts and network we want to help companies to turn existing challenges into opportunities. With free events, practical presentations, certified trainings, and individual digital projects, we support SMEs on their journey into a digital company. The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Rostock particularly focuses on companies related to the following sectors: healthcare, medical technology, tourism, health tourism, and construction industry. Keywords: AI knowledge transfer, free workshops, e-learning, digitalchecks, demonstrations, networking, keynotes
Contact Person(s): Silvia Rydlewicz
Phone: 0381 494 7378
Email: silvia.rydlewicz@med.uni-rostock.de
Location: Deutsche med platz 1, 18057 Rostock, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.digitalzentrum-rostock.de
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (low involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (low involvement)
Provided Services: Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (moderate involvement), Big data (low involvement), Cybersecurity (low involvement), Industrial biotechnology (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Ruhr-OWL
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Ruhr-OWL
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand 4.0-Competence Center Dortmund prepares the topics of digitization and networking for SMEs in North Rhine-Westphalia and offers practical help with the implementation. In doing so, it pools the expertise from the regions Rhineland, Ruhr metropolis and East Westphalia-Lippe. The Competence Center’s services are free and available at www.digital-in-nrw.de. „Digital in NRW - the Competence Center for SMEs in NRW“ is part of the funding initiative “Mittelstand 4.0 – Digital Production and Work Processes”, which is funded as part of the funding priority “Mittelstand-Digital – Strategies for the digital transformation of business processes” by the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology (BMWi).
Contact Person(s): Kampert Karina
Phone: +49 231 70096453
Email: info@mittelstand-digital-ruhr-owl.de
Location: Emil-figge-strasse 80, Dortmund, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://mittelstand-digital-ruhr-owl.de
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Saarbrücken
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Saarbrücken
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Saarbrücken supports small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the digital transformation. The center is part of the initiative “Mittelstand-Digital“ by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action (www.mittelstand-digital.de).
Contact Person(s): Anne Blum
Phone: +49 681 85787 556
Email: a.blum@digitalzentrum-saarbruecken.de
Location: Eschberger weg 46, gewerbepark geb. 9, 66121 Saarbrücken, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://digitalzentrum-saarbruecken.de/
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Consumer products (moderate involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (moderate involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Gamification (low involvement), Human computer interaction (low involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Schleswig-Holstein
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Schleswig-Holstein
Country: Germany
Description: Das Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Schleswig-Holstein ist ein vom BMWK gefördertes Projekt, um KMU bei der Digitalisierung zu unterstützen. Im Rahmen dessen befassen wir uns hauptsächlich mit den Themen KI, IoT, Sensorik, vernetzte Produktion, Digitaler Zwilling, AR/VR sowie Changemanagement und Geschäftsmodelle. In diesem Spektrum bieten wir kostenlose Informationsveranstaltungen, Sprechstunden, Workshops oder Projekte an.
 __________
The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Schleswig-Holstein is a project funded by the BMWK to support SMEs with digitalization. Within this framework, we mainly deal with the topics of AI, IoT, sensor technology, networked production, digital twin, AR/VR as well as change management and business models. Within this spectrum, we offer free information events, consultation hours, workshops and projects.
Contact Person(s): Regine Schlicht
Phone: +49 431 21844 82
Email: schlicht@digitalzentrum-sh.de
Location: Luisenstraße 26, 24149 Kiel, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.digitalzentrum-sh.de/
Active Sectors: Education (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Regulation (high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum WertNetzWerke
Title: Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum WertNetzWerke
Country: Germany
Description: The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum WertNetzWerke, funded by the Federal Ministry of Economics, supports SMEs free of charge and in a provider-neutral manner in the development and implementation of sustainable and digital business ideas. The Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum WertNetzWerke, funded by the Federal Ministry of Economics, supports SMEs free of charge and in a provider-neutral manner in the development and implementation of sustainable and digital business ideas.
Contact Person(s): Tobias Kegler
Phone: +49 151 46691281
Email: kegler@wertnetzwerke.de
Location: C/o gs1 germany gmbh, maarweg 133, 50825 Köln, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.mittelstand-digital-wertnetzwerke.de/
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Consumer products (high involvement), Food and beverages (moderate involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Real estate (low involvement), Textiles (low involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Security (low involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (low involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (moderate involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cloud Services (low involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: MontEDIH
Title: Digital innovation hub for supporting the digital transformation of Montenegrin companies and the public sector
Country: Montenegro
Description: MontEDIH is dedicated to facilitating the digital and green transformation of SMEs, small-midcaps, and public sector organizations in Montenegro and the EU, particularly focusing on fields such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), the Internet of Things (IoT), Blockchain, and High-Performance Computing (HPC).  Leveraging the specialized expertise and advanced infrastructure of its partners, MontEDIH offers a comprehensive array of services including financial and business consulting, knowledge and technology transfer, pre-investment assessments for technology integration, as well as digital and physical product testing and demonstration activities. 
The project strategically targets sectors with transformative potential in Montenegro, such as tourism, agriculture, energy & environment, retail, manufacturing, and public administration. Employing a comprehensive strategy, MontEDIH will support every aspect of digital and green transformation, from strategy development and technology implementation to fostering a digital-first culture. By combining practical digitization projects, specialized educational and advisory services, and broad networking opportunities, MontEDIH encourages the development of a cohesive ecosystem that connects the business sector, scientific research institutions, business and innovation support institutions, the public sector, and policymakers. Its collaboration with the European Digital Innovation Hubs network amplifies its mission, enhancing access to advanced services and fostering a pan-European platform for innovation and expertise exchange. 
Contact Person(s): Slavica Tomovic
Phone: +38269468583
Email: slavicat@ucg.ac.me
Location: Cetinjski Put 2, 81000 Podgorica, Montenegro
Type: EDIH
Website: https://montedih.me/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (low involvement), Education (high involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Fishery (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Maritime (high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Real estate (high involvement), wholesale or distribution (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), BI tools (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (low involvement), Robotics (low involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Move2Digital
Title: MOVE2DIGITAL, the French SUD Provence-Alpes-Côte d’Azur region one-stop-shop to support the digital transformation and ecosystem building of SMEs, through AI, Cybersecurity, and IoT
Country: France
Description: The EDIH Move2Digital will act as a one-stop shop for SMEs in the French SUD Provence-Alpes-Côte d’Azur region to support their digital transformation and will position supporting activities on Artificial Intelligence (AI), cybersecurity and Internet of Things (IoT). This is in line with two of the core technologies of DIGITAL, i.e. AI and Cybersecurity. Also it addresses an additional key technological focus, consistent both with AI and cybersecurity as well as regional background and assets, i.e. IoT.
Move2Digital will address the seven strategic industrial sectors of the region, namely Greentech, Chemical industry, Energy, Health, Space & safety, Blue economy, Agri/aroma & fragrance, representing a potential of 1400 SMEs with needs in terms of digital transformation.
Based on a consortium composed of industrial and technological clusters and leading academic and research entities, Move2Digital will rely on a strong digital ecosystem composed of a significant corpus of solution providers and on an interconnected network of active research laboratories in these key digital domains.
A portfolio of 17 dedicated services, complement to the existing regional offer, will be proposed to regional SMEs and entities, but also coming from other EDIHs, gathered around 4 pillars: Test before invest (incl. awareness rising and diagnostic), Innovation ecosystem & networking, Support to find investment, Skills & training for upskilling the workforce for these advanced digital technologies.
With a not-for-profit goal, Move2Digital will play an active brokering role both at the regional and European levels by networking with other EDIHs. A specific concern will handle ethic issues towards ensuring safety, privacy, and maximising societal and environmental welfare, by setting up a dedicated ethic board. This will aim to validate that trustworthy digital solutions are proposed, ensuring that end-users are confident in testing and adopting trustful digital solution technologies.
Contact Person(s): Noémie Keller
Phone: +33 4 97 21 41 03
Email: noemie.keller@inextenso-innovation.fr
Location: 2000, route des Lucioles, 06410 Biot, France
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.move2digital.eu/
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Defence (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Fishery (very high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Security (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Space (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (moderate involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (moderate involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), optoelectronics (moderate involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: NASK - PIB
Title: NASK – National Research Institute
Country: Poland
Description: Cybersecurity and user protection – our key activities involve ensuring security online. Responding to network security violations occurring in Poland and coordinating corrective actions is the responsibility of the Centre for Cybersecurity. The Center for Standardization and Certification of NASK-PIB, an organizational unit included in the internal Organizational Regulations within NASK acts as an accredited Certification Body. The center certifies products in the field of IT security (cybersecurity). With the enactment of the Act on the national cybersecurity systems, NASK was given the important role of serving as one of three nation-wide CSIRTs. The NASK CSIRT receives and analyses reports, takes actions and coordinates responses to incidents occurring in Polish civilian cyberspace reported by key service operators, digital service providers, local authorities and individuals. It also responds to incidents involving the uploading of content which is illegal or poses a hazard to children; as well as monitoring online threats and the level of cybersecurity in individual sectors and the entire country. Keywords: Cybersecurity, Certification
Contact Person(s): Magda Druzd
Phone: +48782820582
Email: magda.druzd@nask.pl
Location: Kolska 12 st, 01-045 Warsaw, Poland
Type: DIH
Website: https://en.nask.pl/
Active Sectors: Defence (low involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Security (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Knowledge transfer (low involvement), Regional development (low involvement), SME support (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: National Centre of Robotics
Title: National Centre of Robotics
Country: Slovakia
Description: National Centre of Robotics is an non-profit organization established under the patronate of Faculty of electrical engineering and information technology, Slovak technical university in Bratislava. Establishment of National Centre of Robotics had several reasons – research, support and development of robotics in university and society-wide environment.We are currently working with several universities, commercial companies (especially SMEs) and we are supporting students in research activities. We participate in several projects, including the structure H2020.
The members of National Centre of Robotics are internationally accepted professionals in the field of robotics, cybernetics and automation. We are young team and we are opened to any challenges.
We are supporting of technology transfer program to local SMEs. More details on possibilities of cooperation are listed here: http://nacero.sk/work-with-us/
National Centre of Robotics acts as a DIH and it ispart of DIH² -DIH² is a network of 26 DIHs, with a target to reach over 170 DIHs. The sole aim of the network is to spark incremental (cut 50% cost of advance robotics solutions, double the growth of robotics market) and disruptive (maximum productivity & optimum agility) innovations in over 300,000 Manufacturing SMEs and Mid-Caps. It will support SMEs in their Agile Production challenge (50% increase in productivity) and unleash their digitalization potential by enabling robot solutions that are more cost effective at lower lot sizes..http://www.dih-squared.eu/
Contact Person(s): Duchon Frantisek
Phone: +421 915 719 462
Email: frantisek.duchon@stuba.sk
Location: Ilkovicova 3, bratislava, Bratislava, Slovakia
Type: DIH
Website: http://nacero.sk/language/en/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: National Digital Contents Hub, POLO
Title: National Digital Contents Hub, POLO
Country: Spain
Description: POLO is an ecosystem of promotion of the sector of digital content, led and supported by Promalaga, that manages the facilities and laboratories, located in the Tabacalera of Malaga, where Promalaga support companies and startups of the sector of digital contents, oriented to boost the talent, through training and education, entrepreneurship, growth, scaling up and internationalization of the Digital Content industry. MISSION Promote the hypersector of digital content in Spanish society through innovative and vertebrating initiatives in a global environment of collaboration with public and private partners. SCOPE To be a national and international reference, in the hyper-sector of digital contents for the improvement of employability, the quality of living for the society and the competitiveness of companies. SERVICES POLO provides Innovation, Business Development and digital training services as one-stop-shop, helping startups and companies to become more competitive, improving their products and services through digitalization. It has laboratories of Virtual Reality and Augmented, Motion Capture, Video Recording, Photography, Sound Recording, Graphic Design and 3D Printing to facilitate access to cutting-edge technologies to the company, reducing entry barriers for the adoption of these Innovations.
Contact Person(s): Silleras Mendez Raul
Phone: +34 617448636
Email: rsilleras@polodigital.eu
Location: Polo nacional de contenidos digitales. avenida sor teresa prat, 25, 29003 Malaga Málaga, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: http://polodigital.eu/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Nemonoor
Title: A Norwegian EDIH on Artificial Intelligence
Country: Norway
Description: European private and public companies are lagging other regions in exploiting how advanced digital technologies can contribute to better services and more effective/efficient processes and business models.
Contributing to this challenge is our dependence on technologies from other regions, and the importance of our collective effort to succeed in becoming greener.
The Digital Europe Program will complement other EU Programs by helping private and public companies develop capacities in utilizing High-Performance Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, Advanced Digital Skills in accelerating the best use of technologies in tackling these challenges.
One of the mechanisms deployed through Digital Europe is the European Digital Innovation Hubs. Nemonoor is a Norwegian consortium of eight partners with a long-standing history of collaboration and joint efforts, that has been designated by Norway to become an EDIH.
Our belief is that the challenge at hand can only be solved through collaboration among partners that have deep knowledge and experience within all aspects of how private and public companies approach digital, and how they build their capabilities and exploit the opportunities.
Our approach is based on two main objectives:

support SME/public sector enterprises in Norway with AI Adoption, and
ensure EDIH synergies on the European and national levels.

Nemonoor partners have a long history of mobilizing private and public companies to act, and to build their capabilities to deploy the technology.
With the Nemonoor consortium in place, we have the best means to scale on what we are already doing and release further national and EU funding to activities that contribute to growth and prosperity for European companies and citizens.
The application gives a comprehensive description of our capabilities, how we will utilize these capabilities, and how we will engage and assist companies in taking part in the digital transformation journey.
Contact Person(s): Eirik Andreassen
Phone: +4740200598
Email: eirik.andreassen@digitalnorway.com
Location: Universitetsgata 2, 0164 Oslo, Norway
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.nemonoor.no/
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Education (high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Maritime (moderate involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: NEST
Title: NEST - Network for European Security and Trust
Country: Italy
Description: The Network for European Security and Trust (NEST) is a one-stop shop for cybersecurity solutions and capacity building initiatives, targeting SMEs and Public Administrations of Central Italy. Under the coordination of the national Cybersecurity Competence Center Cyber 4.0 and in partnership with three regional DIHs and one technology accelerator and ecosystem builder (INNOVA), the NEST EDIH will foster the digital transition of public and private entities in the Italian regions of Lazio, Umbria and Abruzzo through concrete support towards the adoption of innovative technologies, by making available: a wide range of cybersecurity tools and services, facilities for test-before-invest, qualified capacity building interventions, assistance for the access to finance and funds, and a functional support to improve the growth and internationalisation of the local innovation ecosystem. NEST activities will also support targeted organisations in dealing with the existing EU regulatory framework and its transposition into local policies and strategies and will contribute to the EU policy discussions and debate with feedback and instances from the involved stakeholders.
Contact Person(s): Matteo Lucchetti
Phone: +393932618188
Email: matteo.lucchetti@cyber40.it
Location: Piazzale aldo moro, 5, 00185 Roma RM, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: NEST
Title: National Ecosystem for Smart Technologies
Country: Albania
Description: nan
Contact Person(s): Ermal Ilirjani
Phone: +355692091661
Email: eilirjani@albaniandf.org
Location: Rr. SAMI FRASHERI NO 10, 1001, Tirana, Albania
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://www.albaniandf.org/
Active Sectors: Smart City (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Vocational training (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (low involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), High performance computing (low involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Location-based applications (very high involvement), Logistics (very high involvement), optoelectronics (moderate involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: NEURAL
Title: veNEto hUb foR Advanced digital technoLogies
Country: Italy
Description: NEURAL is the EDIH designated candidate by the Italian Ministry of Economic Development for the Veneto region, one of the most competitive regions in Europe. It aims at facilitating the digital transformation process of the Veneto private companies and promoting the efficiency and effectiveness of the Public Administration (PA). It aims to become a partner to support step-by-step Veneto enterprises in their Digital Transformation Journey, planning on serving 900 entities in 3 years. It is focused on 2 DEP key technologies: AI and CS. It is specialised on the following digital enablers: Blockchain, IoT, Big Data Analytics, Advanced Robotics. In line with the DEP goals and the National and Regional policies, it will promote the uptake of AI Blockchain and CS solutions not only as efficiency tools but also as drivers of innovation and new business models. It is designed to act as one stop shop for Companies and PAs by offering a full set of innovation services to support digital and green transformation in different economic sectors. It deploys an interoperable services portfolio (developed on the basis of an analysis of the needs of SMEs, Mid-Caps and PAs carried out through specific market sector studies) organized into 4 categories: Test Before Invest, Advanced Upskilling, Access to Finance and Innovation Ecosystem and Networking. The proposition is completed by services of engagement and visioning and with the possibility to adapt to the market needs by designing new services in case of specific needs. The Consortium is made up of 17 beneficiaries and affiliates, including RTOs, business associations, a Compentece Center and a leading investment bank. The partners' high reputation guarantees project maturity, the provision of qualified services and access to the best infrastructures and facilities available on advanced digital technologies, as well as networking being strongly connected with National and EU ecosystem.
Contact Person(s): Matteo Faggin
Phone: +39 338 472 1324
Email: info@smact.cc
Location: Fondamenta s giobbe cannaregio 873, 30121 Venezia ve VE, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Next-Gen-BIoTechEDIH
Title: Develop, innovate and provide Next-Gen-BIoTech DIH`s services in the South-Center region in Bulgaria to accelerate the best use of digital technologies for local SMEs, Mid-cap, and public sector
Country: Bulgaria
Description: Next-Gen-BIoTechEDIH project intends to coordinate and drive digital and green transformation in the biotechnologies and bio-based industries in Bulgaria South-Center region, both for SMEs, Mid-caps, clusters, and other innovative partnerships in the local business environment, as well as for other interested public and private entities. To that end, the Hub aims to provide for packages of comprehensive digitalisation services that will be tailored to the demands of regional end users at all stages of development, including start-ups, established businesses, business alliances, students, internationalization, and so on. Training and skills development, support to find investment, transfer technology will all be part of the focus service packages, focusing on smart regional areas of specialization. Given the presence of technology, education, and research providers and beneficiaries within the partnership, Next-Gen-BIoTechEDIH aspires to become a regional, national, and international reference hub for high-quality services.More specifically, the Hub have a vision and technological focus on AI and Robotics, and Sensors. Next-Gen-BIoTechEDIH aims at promoting the widespread adoption of digital technologies, with a specific focus on 1) Industry 4.0 2) Internet of things (IoT), 3) HPC, 4) High-level Digital Skills and Wide use of technology in all areas of the economy and public life to SMEs, MidCaps, the public sector. The Hub to be supported in their digital and green transformation and adopting circular business model, in line with present challenges faced by the EU and with the DIGITAL. Next-Gen-BIoTchEDIH will also act as an access point to the European network of EDIHs, helping local SMEs and public authorities get the needed support in all cases with a wide EDIH network. It is our great interest to be part of a suitable European network (EDIH Corridor) with other EDIHs, interested primarily to all relevant topics.
Contact Person(s): Maria Sirakova
Phone: 0894 954 952
Email: riz.nextgenbiotech@gmail.com
Location: Plovdiv, 4000 Plovdiv, Bulgaria
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very low involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (low involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), Finance (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Internet of Things (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Novel-T
Title: Stichting Novel-T
Country: Netherlands
Description: Novel-T is building an environment in whichentrepreneursseize new opportunities to stay or become frontrunner in their league. By connecting and activating talent, knowledge, capital, research & testfacilities, opportunities will lead to new innovative business. We support companies in their innovation process and startups in realising their goals in cooperation with the University of Twente, University of Applied Science Saxion and each other. We offer startups and innovative entrepreneurs access to a dynamic ecosystem.We screen research and connect knowledge to business. OurNovel-T’s innovation brokers can help local SME's to take the next step.Novel-T’s innovation brokers support entrepreneurs in the manufacturing sector with their innovation process. Think of e.g. formulation the right question or business case, creating matches with valuable connections such as fellow entrepreneurs, the UT and Saxion and/or the government and searching for solutions to support your innovation process and overcome hurdles. Novel-T started the Cybersecurity Center for the Manufactering Industry and ispartner in Boost, theSmart Industry-network of East Netherlands. Novel-T is a not-for-profit cooperation of the knowledge-institutes (University of Twente- Saxion University of Applied Sciences) and regional government(province of Overijssel, region of Twente and City of Enschede). Their aim is to joinly stimulate the regional economy by supporting new and growing innovative entrepreneurs. Novel-T started the Cybersecurity Center for the Manufactering Industry and is partner in Boost Robotics EastNL, theSmart Industry-network of East Netherlands.
Contact Person(s): Wevers, Jeroen
Phone: +31 (0)53 483 6800
Email: j.wevers@novelt.com
Location: Hengelosestraat 500, 7521 AN Enschede, Netherlands
Type: DIH
Website: https://novelt.com/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Automotive (moderate involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Defence (low involvement), Education (very high involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Financial (high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Textiles (low involvement), Polymers and plastics (high involvement), Legal Aspects (very high involvement), Regulation (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), products) (high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (high involvement), optoelectronics (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Photonics (high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: nZEB Smart Home DIH
Title: nZEB Smart Home DIH
Country: Greece
Description: The nZEB Smart Home DIH, coordinated by CERTH's Information Technologies Institute (ITI), was established in early 2017 as the first Hub in Central Macedonia, and has been fully operational ever since. The nZEB Smart Home DIH is an active liaison between research and the markets, acting as a driving force for empowering market-oriented stakeholders with innovative digital solutions. The Smart Home’s technological orientation goes over multiple vertical domains, with special focus on Robotics (commercial or prototype units available for use, integration with devices and sensors, advanced manipulation and control features added), Artificial Intelligence (e.g. intuitive perception and cognition for robotic systems), Cyber physical systems (e.g. embedded systems), Internet of Things (e.g. connected devices, sensors and actuators networks), Simulation and modelling, Big Data, Blockchain, Visual Analytics, and more. One of the unique merits of the DIH is the actual nZEB Smart Home infrastructure. It is a unique Building based on state-of-the-art construction materials (insulation, glass panes, etc.) with "smart" technologies that allow the exploration of various ICT research domains, such as Robotics and Assisted (Tele-) Heath services, or optimized energy efficient building management while simultaneously automating Renewable Energy Sources use. The Smart Home infrastructure is used as a pilot program for validation / testing of new technologies and services provided by the research community. It is equipped with a multi-sensorial network that measures in real-time almost all parameters that consist open challenges for a modern home / workplace (energy, occupancy, health, etc.). In 2019, the IsZEB Cluster emerged from the funded support program "Clusters for promoting innovation in local entrepreneurship." from the Regional Operation Programme Central Macedonia 2014-2020. The Cluster has special focus on the Construction sector, aiming to provide tools and guidelines for the entire lifecycle of a smart zero or positive energy building. Comprised of 16 members, including the leading Greek companies and authorities in the field of Smart Energy Buildings, it operates on the triple helix model, providing R&D services, training & education opportunities, ecosystem development, and innovation management The evolution of the nZEB Smart Home into the IsZEB Cluster marks a strategic progression in fostering innovation and collaboration. Building upon the success and expertise of the nZEB Smart Home initiative, the IsZEB Cluster seamlessly continues its mission, bringing together a diverse array of stakeholders. This transition represents a significant step forward in advancing the economy of smart buildings, facilitating research and development services, ecosystem development, and innovation management for businesses ranging from startups to SMEs and industrial entities. The IsZEB Cluster, maintaining the esteemed attribute of a testbed infrastructure inherited from the nZEB Smart Home, plays a pivotal role in driving collaborative projects and initiatives, creating a dynamic ecosystem for the development of the construction sector. European Initiatives: • Horizon 2020 and Horizon Europe: The IsZEB Cluster participates in various EU-funded R&D projects, aimed at advancing sustainable and innovative solutions in the field of smart and zero-energy buildings (e.g. D2EPC, Response, Accept, EUH4D, metabuilding, InCube, SmartLivingEPC, SUSTAIN Eurocluster, SmartSquare). Accordingly, the nZEB Smart Home participates in various H2020 covering diverse technological domains, from robotics and artificial intelligence to energy-efficient buildings and smart healthcare solutions (Plug-N-Harvest, encompass, Greensoul, ACTIVAGE, GHOST, ACROSSING, INTEGRIDY, VICINITY, DELTA, 3DMicroGrid, eDREAM, DRIMPAC, DIH^2, AI DIH Network, SIT4Energy, AMANDA, AI4EU, DIHNET, BIMERR, MEISTER, PLANET, SMILE, IRIS, AIREGIO, SmartLivingEPC and much more) By participating in those projects, IsZEB Cluster & nZEB Smart Home DIH not only stay at the forefront of technological advancements but also play a crucial role in shaping the EU research landscape. These collaborative endeavours allow them to leverage their expertise, state-of-the-art infrastructure, and multi-sensorial network to contribute with valuable insights and solutions to the various projects. • European Digital Innovation Hubs (EDIHs): The IsZEB Cluster and the nZEB Smart Home participate in the EDIHs, specifically engaging with the Synerginn EDIH and the SmartHealth EDIH. As part of the EDIHs, they operate as a Service Provider, offering a state-of-the-art rapid prototyping and novel technologies demonstration infrastructure, providing a tangible asset for businesses, start-ups, and research institutions to test and showcase emerging technologies. National Initiatives: • Smart Specialization Strategy (RIS3): Since its beginning, the nZEB Smart Home was linked with the RIS3 strategy. The RIS3 supported specialization sectors are correlated to Information & Communication Technologies, Energy Applications/Technologies and Microelectronics – Advanced Materials. The activities interrelate mainly to the investment of creation and dissemination of new knowledge and to the investment in Research & Innovation in the above topics. • Co-Financed by Greece & EU (Central Macedonia Initiatives): IsZEB Cluster was established due to its participation in the programme "Cooperative formations for the promotion of innovation in local entrepreneurship". Its purpose was to promote innovation in local entrepreneurship, foster the sharing of facilities and equipment, and encourage the exchange of knowledge and expertise, networking, dissemination of information and cooperation between companies and other organizations of the cluster. Co-financing fund: European Regional Development Fund (ERDF)
Contact Person(s): Dimitrios Tzovaras (Nzeb Smart Home Dih)  Zoi Boutopoulou (Iszeb Cluster)
Phone: +30 2311 257701-3 (Dimitrios Tzovaras) +30 2311 257505 (Zoi Boutopoulou)
Email: Dimitrios.Tzovaras@iti.gr
Location: 6th km charilaou – thermi rd, 57001 Thessaloniki, Greece
Type: DIH
Website: https://smarthome.iti.gr/
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Security (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Gamification (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Software Architectures (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: OCEANOPOLIS
Title: OCEANOPOLIS
Country: Norway
Description: Oceanopolis accelerates the digital transformation of SMEs and the public sector for sustainable businesses, coastal regions and oceans. Specifically, we help SMEs increase sales, reduce costs, gain reputation and reduce the climate footprint through capacity building and application of digital tools and solutions for the primary value chain activities and technological development.
Norway as an ocean tech nation is at the core of our hub, but we do more than “deeptech ocean”. Our scope reach from sustainable and smart cities and coastal communities to the blue economy with its shore-based supply industry. Concretely we cover the following sectors:

Energy & offshore renewables
Fisheries & aquaculture
Mechanical industry
Building & construction industry
Transport & logistics, including smart ports
Marine & coastal tourism
Ocean & coastal management

We offer the users of our hub access to four core services:

Oceanopolis Networking Arenas at regional and national level for inspiration and B2B networking;
Oceanopolis Academy offering practical courses and training for knowledge building and digital management capacity building;
Oceanopolis Digital Accelerator for single businesses and business networks in need of advancing business challenges through a structured journey with inspiration, discoveries, action planning & capacity building, business development coaching and Test Before Invest;
Oceanopolis Capital supporting access to soft funding, seed capital & venture capital.

The Digital Accelerator works with a wide range of digital technologies, tools and data spaces within its test infrastructures integral to the Test Before Invest, including:

AI, Data & Robotics
Additive manufacturing with customized materials
IOT & sensors
Artificial vision
VR/XR
Aerial drones
Underwater drones (ROVs & AUVs)
Tools for modelling, simulations & digital twins

A highly competent multidisciplinary team operates the hub with outreach to the national digital ecosystem. It stretches along the Norwegian coastline, collaborates with all major industry clusters and networks offering access to thousands of companies, business incubators and TTOs, private capital, academia, test infrastructures & catapults, regional authorities, municipalities and other public sector actors.
We welcome hearing from you.
Contact Person(s): Stig Marthinsen
Phone: +4740074750
Email: stig@dihoceanopolis.com
Location: Jon Lilletunsvei 9 N, 4879 Grimstad, Norway
Type: EDIH
Website: https://dihoceanopolis.com
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Fishery (high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Mining and extraction (high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Photonics (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: OK!Thess
Title: Thessaloniki Innovation Ecosystem
Country: Greece
Description: OK!Thess provides entrepreneurial training to start-ups and SMEs in various topics, giving access to methodological tools needed. It runs training programs in the fields of Financial Management and Fundraising methods, Product Development, Market and Competition, Business Model Discovery and Company’s development Vertical Expertise. We provide one-to-one coaching to start-ups and SMEs exploiting its team expertise as well as industry experts from its network of mentors. We organize and participate in networking events engaging its network of investors and big corporates that have already participated in the events organised by the accelerator.
Contact Person(s): Antonios Ilias
Phone: +302313317303
Email: antoniosilias@okthess.gr
Location: 2 komotinis street, 54655 Thessaloniki, Greece
Type: DIH
Website: https://okthess.gr/
Active Sectors: Education (very high involvement), Life sciences (high involvement), Personal services (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Communication network (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: ORCID
Title: Open Research Creation and Innovation in Digitalization
Country: Albania
Description: The Open Research Creation and Innovation in Digitalization (ORCID) project represents a pioneering initiative aimed at fostering digital transformation and innovation in Albania. Centred around the establishment of a European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH), ORCID seeks to empower businesses in the domains of electronics, computer sciences, internet of things (IoT), artificial intelligence (AI), and cybersecurity (CS).
ORCID's primary objective is to establish an advanced EDIH in Albania, serving as a catalyst for digitalization and innovation within the country's business landscape.
The hub will offer comprehensive support services to businesses, providing access to state-of-the-art technologies, expertise, and tailored solutions to facilitate their digital transformation journey.
ORCID aims to promote a culture of innovation by fostering collaboration between businesses, academia, and the public sector. Through knowledge exchange, research partnerships, and technology development, the project seeks to drive meaningful innovation in targeted sectors.
Contact Person(s): Ilir Shinko
Phone: +355 67 203 3918
Email: ishinko@fti.edu.al
Location: Sheshi Nënë Tereza 4, 1010, Tirana, Albania
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://fti.edu.al/
Active Sectors: Education (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: OuluHealth
Title: OuluHealth
Country: Finland
Description: The rapidly evolving digitalisation of health and wellbeing requires new knowledge and collaboration models to accelerate growth globally. Small to medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) need to increase their business development expertise and capabilities in the field of digital health. Health care providers need to speed up their adoption of digital innovations and assess the impact of digital solutions on healthcare processes. New collaborative action models at the European level will speed up this development and knowledge building.
OuluHealth is one of the leading digital health innovation ecosystems in Europe. Members of the OuluHealth ecosystem represent the whole spectrum of health and social care, including specialised medical care, primary health and social care, health and wellbeing industry and commerce, health technology research and education, and citizens.
The main stakeholders of OuluHealth are Oulu University Hospital (OYS), University of Oulu, Oulu University of Applied Sciences, VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland, and BusinessOulu and the Department of Healthcare and Social Welfare of the City of Oulu. The OuluHealth ecosystem also encompasses more than 600 health and life science companies, at least 240 of which are high-tech companies (http://ouluhealth.fi/companies/ ). The ecosystem approach enables the combination of a broad range of expertise, from wireless information technologies and the life sciences to smart information and communication technology (ICT) solutions for delivering advanced, personalised, connected health service solutions. OuluHealth has close and tangible co-operation with SuperIOT, 5G test network Finland and Printocent Digital Innovation Hubs (DIH). Good example of this co-operation is for instance OYS to be the first hospital to test 5G-technology. The principal idea of OuluHealth is to facilitate open collaboration and to accelerate innovation by bringing together various partners to contribute to the needs of the healthcare sector and business growth in the modern digital era. This collaboration model promotes economic growth, capacity building and research and development and innovation (R&D&I) investments in select focus areas.
The recently established DigiHealth Knowledge Hub will connect companies to the latest knowledge, expertise and technology. The Hub is speeding up the adoption of digital innovation and building a joint national network for digital health research and innovation. The DigiHealth Knowledge Hub is integrated nationally and internationally with the health sector’s growth strategy implementation actions, RDI programmes and EU-level thematic platforms.
The OuluHealth ecosystem supports companies in developing their ideas into market-ready products and services by providing support in activities such as identifying opportunities for digitalisation, bringing together relevant stakeholders, providing testing and piloting platforms and environments, offering services for growth and internationalisation, and hands-on training.

Opportunities for collaborative research and innovation: OuluHealth supports companies, researchers and healthcare professionals to collaborate on research and innovation. The ecosystem model facilitates innovation platforms for multi-stakeholder development projects and startups within digital health. It creates synergies with international research and innovation networks and builds up new partnerships to highlight trends and gaps in policies in the arena of person-centred digital health.
Innovative testing and piloting environments: OuluHealth provides a world-class development and testing environment, OuluHealth Labs, for testing innovations throughout the entire service chain: hospitals and health and social centres as well as in patients’ homes. In this way, companies have a unique opportunity to develop their solutions under authentic conditions and receive valuable feedback from healthcare professionals and end-users.
Digital integration platform: OuluHealth Labs provides an open sandbox for developers to simulate the integration of digital technologies in hospital environments and simulate the change opportunities embedded in the digital process for health providers.
Business development: OuluHealth offers health and life science companies tailor-made business development support, which includes financing and business modelling, internationalisation, media contacts and invest-In services. The ecosystem helps to find investors and the right partners, increase visibility and reach international markets.
Knowledge building and support (DigiHealth Knowledge Hub): OuluHealth offers access to expert services and innovation networks to explore and exploit emerging technologies (AI, deep learning, big data analytics, etc.) in the next-generation digital solutions develops new assessment methods for digital healthcare solutions. OuluHealth shares best practices in the implementation of digital technologies and developing data-intensive service solutions and personalised health and care. OuluHealth is building innovation networking opportunities regionally, nationally and in EU thematic platforms
Matchmaking: OuluHealth organises events such as the ecosystem and demo days to support the growth and needs of the market. It understands the needs and challenges of companies, provides information about novel digital solutions for health and social care professionals, and provides new knowledge and research to support digital transformation.
Training events: OuluHealth and the Faculty of Medicine from the University of Oulu together with the Finnish Medical Association and industry organise education and training events for students, where they can learn to efficiently use new digital systems in their future work as well as test and evaluate health IT solutions. Moreover, by participating, eHealth companies get a chance to obtain first-hand feedback from 5th-level medical students.

Innovation networks of OuluHealth
The OuluHealth ecosystem has active partnerships with researchers, business networks, and regional, national and international networks and alliances.
On the EU level, OuluHealth is a member of the European Connected Health Alliance, EU COST-Action network: European Network for the Joint Evaluation of Connected Health Technologies (ENJECT) and Digital Health Society Task Forces, which are building EU-level strategies and proposing actions (Action plan 2018) in digital health. The City of Oulu has been granted EIP-AHA reference site status. Oulu’s evidence for status as a reference site is largely based on the OuluHealth ecosystem and its OuluHealth Labs operation. OuluHealth is an active member of the Nordic reference site collaboration with EIP-AHA. Furthermore, OuluHealth has applied to host the EU mHealth Hub and the bid has passed the first evaluation stage.
By building a network of Nordic collaborators, OuluHealth aims to strengthen cooperation at both the strategic and operational levels. A good example of this is the network of Nordic Test Beds (NoTeB). Long collaboration with Nordic partners generated the Nordic Proof testing collaboration network, which OuluHealth will be a member of beginning in 2019. These active interactions with European innovation networks ensure the formation of strong strategic partnerships, as well as rapid and broad implementation of novel solutions and action models in innovation ecosystems.
On the regional level, OuluHealth has strong collaborations with Allied ICT Finland, which brings together several domain-specific DIHs, such as Super IOT, PrintoCent, Arctic Drone Labs and 5G test network Finland as well as services like Analytics+ in Finland. OuluHealth is one of the five innovation ecosystems of the Oulu Innovation Alliance (OIA), which is a regional strategic collaboration model with committed stakeholders. The collaboration model has proven to be an excellent ecosystem model for public-private-people partnership cooperation at the regional, national and international level. OIA’s four other ecosystems are Agile Commercialisation, ICT & Digitalisation, Industry 2026, and Northern City with Attractive Opportunities.
More info: www.ouluhealth.fi
Contact Person(s): Minna Komu
Phone: +358 50 591 7721
Email: minna.komu@businessoulu.com
Location: Hallituskatu 36b, Oulu, Finland
Type: DIH
Website: http://ouluhealth.fi
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: P.R.I.D.E.
Title: POLO REGIONALE PER L'INNOVAZIONE DIGITALE EVOLUTA
Country: Italy
Description: PRIDE – Polo Regionale per l’Innovazione Digitale Evoluta (Regional Pole For Advanced Digital Innovation) intends to support the digital transformation of the SMEs operating in strategic sectors of Campania (transport, biotech, utility, agri-food, fashion). PRIDE will offer services capable of supporting and accelerating the digital transformation of the region’s economy and industry in Campania, allowing businesses, citizens and public administrations to benefit from its advantages. PRIDE aims at addressing these challenges:1) Create the Regional Supply Chain of Digital Services according to a Hub and Spoke model 2) Accelerate the digital transition of strategic regional production systems through an offer at discounted prices (indirect incentives) of qualified and differentiated services to support SMEs and PA investments in cutting-edge 4.0 technologies and by improving access to innovative financial instruments 3) Support human capital qualification processes towards the development of advanced digital skills 4) Promote a Sustainable digitalization by building Digital Communities in synergies with European, national and regional policy on digitization and 4.0 technologies including S3. This will be achieved by a) activating the critical mass of skills and instrumental resources capable of generating a flexible and modular service platform through consortium partners (CAMPANIA DIH, MEDITECH,CERICT,DIITET-CNR ) and b) implementing a 36-month workplan encompassing 5 work packages: the first transversal to ensure the coordination and monitoring of activities and the others functionalized to achieve specific competing objectives to implement PRIDE’s mission: that is to support the DX of the SMEs and PAs in the Campania Region by promoting the use of solutions based on ADTs, also in combination with KETS. It is estimated that 350 SMEs and 10 PAs will benefit from PRIDE's services which will foster processes of environmental sustainability and social inclusion.
Contact Person(s): Edoardo Imperiale
Phone: +390815836274
Email: info@campaniadih.it
Location: Piazza dei martiri 58, 80121 Napoli NA, Italy
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Textiles (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PAI
Title: Public Administration Intelligence
Country: Italy
Description: Public Administration Intelligence (PAI) is focused on the applicative area of public services to citizens, delivered by Public Administrations (PA) and, increasingly, by Social Economy Organiszations (SEO). The convergence of these two actors in delivering services is particularly strong in Italy, where after the reform of the third sector, SEOs have been invested to role of co-programming and co-designing with PAs that have to ensure their active involvement in the exercise of their functions of planning and organiszation at the territorial level of interventions and services in the sectors of activity of general interest. Thus, PAIs targets are (PAs) and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) frorm the social economy (SE) sector in Friuli Venezia Giulia, Piedmont and the Aosta Valley in northern Italy delivering public services to citizens. PAI coordinates public and private ICT providers, a university, a Digital Innovation Hub (DIH), training agency from the SE, an independent financial consultant, and representatives of the target. The expertise is focused on artificial intelligence (AI), high performance computing (HPC) (as part of the EuroHPC Digital Europe (DE) programme), cybersecurity, blockchain and technologies for social good and e-participation of citizens, but it does not disregard higher technology readiness level (TRL) solutions given the low level of digitalization of its customers. To ensure a truly European dimension, PAI will coordinate with the Digital Transformation Accelerator (DTA), will connect with other EDIHs around EU, but it will also liaise with the world of sSocial eEconomy around Europe and beyond via the DIESIS partner, a network of second- level SEOs. Its pipeline of services includes: 1) networking, 2) a digital maturity assessment and a green assessment 3) co-creation of services with citizens via participation platforms, testing before investing 4) training 5) support to financing.
Contact Person(s): Elena VIERO
Phone: +39.040.3737.111
Email: elena.viero@insiel.it
Location: Via San Francesco d'Assisi 43, 34133 Trieste TS, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://pai-edih.eu
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PBDH
Title: Portugal Blue Digital Hub
Country: Portugal
Description: Portugal Blue Digital Hub (PBDH) is a consortium of 17 entities, led by Forum Oceano (FO), Portugal’s Blue Economy Cluster. PBDH aims to promote circularity, decarbonisation and the digital transition, by stimulating entrepreneurship, testing and demonstration, attracting foreign investment, training in digital skills and developing services in AI, Blockchain and Big Data. To achieve those ambitious goals, we will provide:

advanced training in the digital and sustainability domains.
access to data from the Portuguese Ocean and Coasts to support developing, testing and demonstrating new solutions.
innovation and acceleration programs, with specific challenge owners representative of the Portuguese Blue Economy sectors.
access to a blue tech Test Network, including a Dual Use test location, to test/demonstrate your solution in the Atlantic Ocean environment and get a performance seal.
access to events with an international and diverse Investors Club willing to invest in Blue Tech Solutions.
Recognized with a Seal of Excellence by the European Commission, the Portugal Blue Digital Hub stands out for its quality and impact at national and European levels.

Get involved. 
Follow us on LinkedIn 
Subscribe our newsletter
Contact Person(s): Carlos Pinho
Phone: +351220120764
Email: carlos.pinho@forumoceano.pt
Location: Uptec polo do mar avenida da liberdade s/n, 4450-718 Matosinhos, Portugal
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://forumoceano.pt/pt/digital-hub/
Active Sectors: Maritime (very high involvement), Fishery (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Energy (high involvement), Defence (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Technological innovation (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Field trial (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PBN
Title: Pannon Business Network Association
Country: Hungary
Description: Pannon Business Network (PBN) was established in 2006, with the aim to contribute to the upgrade of the Western Hungarian business added value. It is the center for applied research and training to catalyze added value manufacturing connected both to industry and academia, enabling digital, sustainable, resilient and green business transformation. By realizing over 75 international applied research projects with 450+ European partners (50+ universities), having audited over 300 Hungarian manufacturing companies, PBN has an alone-standing knowledge of the Central European SME and mid-cap manufacturing market. The key related elements are: international applied research and cooperation projects - policy paper input provider - digital innovation hub service - university-connected technology transfer - city and regional development programme coordinator - EIT Manufacturing Hub functionality. PBN division: am-LAB - Advanced Manufacturing DIH is a dedicated training and applied R&D facility servicing primarily manufacturing SMEs. Tangible, added value applications are created from alone-standing digital devices. Key competency domains: 3D printing for product development, collaborative robotics solutions in agility production, human-machine interactions, AR solutions in production and education, and a 5-modules Teaching and Learning Factory environment for demonstration, experiment and prototyping. Over 3.000 people were educated about digitalization at 53 courses in 2020-21. On EIT’s Teaching and Learning Factories’ Competition, PBN has been selected to promote the use of the Teaching Factories educational methodology, by giving visibility to the benefits of academia-business collaborations in a context of manufacturing innovation, to skill youth and professionals in the moderate innovation ecosystem, thus valorising high levels technical skills. Examples of PBN contribution an involvement in European policy initiatives aimed at digitizing the industry: BEST DIH - Boosting European DIH Success Through a new funding mix approach, Interreg Europe programme, 01.03.2023. – 28.02.2027. The overall objective of the project is to improve the implementation of regional development policies in the field of digital transformation, thanks to the increased institutional capacities of the consortium partners, and therefore contribute to a SMARTER EUROPE. The implementation of these policies will take into account the key role that DIH/EDIHs can play and ensure the coordinated delivery of funding between different administration levels. SKALE2CT - Skills and Scale to Connect for Business Acceleration Services policy transfer, Interreg Europe programme, 01.03.2023. – 28.02.2027. The overall objective of SKALE2CT is to improve resources and capacities of public and intermediary organisations to improve Business Acceleration providers and services, in particular when it comes to scale-up phase. For such purpose, the partnership is composed by a group of public and private organisations with complementary experiences and competences. Specifically, among the main scaling-up resources to be targeted. From a mid-term perspective, the objective is to contribute to the maintenance and sustainable growth of MSMEs established in EU territories. This will contribute to the territorial challenge of becoming an innovation-friendly society & economy. SMART CIRCUIT - Enabling SMARTer, CIRCUlar digITal innovation hubs to enhance Central Europe’s manufacturing eco-system towards a greener & more competitive future, Interreg Central Europe programme, 01.04.2023.– 31.03.2026. Manufacturing is an important employer in central Europe. But it is also resource-intensive and produces much waste and emissions, especially in value chains related to the electronics, construction and textiles sectors. The SMART CIRCUIT project extends the scope of existing digital innovation hubs to promote circular economy practices. By connecting these hubs throughout central Europe, the partners increase knowledge on best practices and strengthen. DIH2 - „A Pan‐European Network of Robotics DIHs for Agile Production”, Horizon 2020, 01.01.2019- 31.12.2022. DIH² is a network of 26 DIHs, with a target to reach over 170 DIHs. The sole aim of the network is to spark incremental (cut 50% cost of advance robotics solutions, double the growth of robotics market) and disruptive (maximum productivity & optimum agility) innovations in over 300,000 Manufacturing SMEs and Mid-Caps. It will support SMEs in their Agile Production challenge (50% increase in productivity) and unleash their digitalization potential by enabling robot solutions that are more cost effective at lower lot sizes. AI REDGIO 5.0 - Regions and (E)DIHs alliance for AI-at-the-Edge adoption by European Industry 5.0 Manufacturing SMEs, Horizon Europe, 01.01.2023. – 31.12.2025. HORIZON-CL4-2022-TWIN-TRANSITION-01-06. AI REDGIO 5.0 aims at renovating and extending the H2020 I4MS AI REGIO alliance between Vanguard EU regions and DIHs for a competitive AI-at-the- Edge Digital Transformation of Industry 5.0 Manufacturing SMEs. AI REGIO outcomes (methods and tools for DIHs governance and cross-DIH collaboration; Data Space and AI for Manufacturing toolkit; Didactic Factories network and TERESA facilities; SME-driven experimentations in 14 Vanguard regions) will be extended to the I5.0 principles. AIRISE - Artificial Intelligence in Manufacturing for Sustainable Applications at SMEs, 01.01.2023. – 30.06.2026. Horizon Europe programme. The ARISE project will support European SMEs in the uptake of Artificial Intelligence applied to manufacturing, with a specific focus on the use of AI-enabled applications at the edge. The key objective for applications is a reduction of waste and carbon footprint while ensuring the resilient operation of manufacturing. The consortium will create an eco-system where the project’s AI experts will support experimenting SMEs and connect them to Digital Innovation Hubs and commercial companies to achieve real-world applications.
Contact Person(s): Matyas Lazary
Phone: +36306861380
Email: lazary@pbn.hu
Location: Győr, Gesztenyefa u.4., 9027, Hungary
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.am-lab.hu/
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Textiles (moderate involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PCUV
Title: University of Valencia Science Park Foundation
Country: Spain
Description: The University of Valencia Science Park DIH aims to create the best conditions to strive for the long-term business success of companies and organisations from the Valencian region by putting innovation and digital opportunities to good use. To this end, the University of Valencia Science Park DIH places at companies and organisations’ disposal a set of services targeted to digitise their products, services and processes, as well as specially equipped premises for them to set up and perform their activity, consolidation and growth. The University of Valencia Science ParkDIH services come in five areas: 1.- Creating the ecosystem: information, training, networking and financing services, providing entrepreneurs with infrastructures, and support to identify and establish synergies among knowledge providers, companies and organisations, and to also back the Valencian innovative ecosystem 2.- Digitising business processes: Consultancy and implementing software solutions for strategic business management (Business Intelligence, Balanced Scorecard), day-to-day management (ERP), document management and commercial management (CRM, eCommerce) 3.- Automating production processes: Analysing the level of digitising and automation; accompanying the whole process; providing equipment for automation, sensors and other mechanisms to control processes. 4.- Applying satellite data: Employing satellite data and other sources, with applications in areas like agriculture, forestry development and environmental conservation, and for fighting against climate change 5.- Managing digital health: Application of Big Data, Artificial Intelligence, modelling, digital simulation and other technological tools in areas like functional nutrition, precise medical diagnosis and efficient health In order to offer this wide range of services, the University of Valencia Science Park DIH is backed by the University of Valencia Science Park’s development and infrastructure, and by organisation and team of the University of Valencia Science Park Foundation (FPCUV), which is in charge of managing the Science Park’s business area. The University of Valencia Science Park (PCUV) is an initiative that links university research and its scientific potential with the production system by encouraging innovation processes, and by generating and consolidating science/technology-based companies in the Valencian region. The PCUV provides spaces and services to companies that derive from university research (spin-offs) and to external scientific technology-based companies that wish to enter a research, technological development and innovation setting. Its scientific area is made up of seven research institutes, two singular centres and major research infrastructure, as well as a business area covering a surface area of 26,700 m2, which represents 40% of the Science Park’s built area. It is divided into three building blocks (Building 1SC, Building BIOTEC and Building CUE) with offices and different sized labs that provide various services, one business incubator, and three coworking spaces (Business Incubators), one of which is located on the Tarongers campus. The business area currently hosts almost 100 companies, including different spin-offs. In this space they find a suitable ecosystem in which to generate and develop ideas and innovative projects. The most important sectors are Biotechnology and Information and Communication Technologies (ITC), and Energy, Nanotechnology and Advanced Services are also present. The University of Valencia Science Park Foundation (FPCUV) works as a not-for-profit organisation that facilitates innovation for technology-based companies. This institution is in charge of managing the business area by providing services to those hosted there. It was created in 2009, and its founding sponsors were Fundación Bancaja, Banco Santander, the Valencian Chamber of Commerce and the Valencian Business Confederation, as well as the University of Valencia. Some FPCUV objectives are to: -Promote technological development, knowledge transfer and industrial innovation. -Encourage research into matters of social importance locally, nationwide and internationally. -Establish cooperation between University of Valencia research groups and companies. -Create new innovative companies by facilitating alliances with strategic partners. -Encourage the transfer and diffusion of university research results. -Contribute to improve companies’ competitiveness and the Valencian Community’s development. The FPCUV is a member of rePCV (Network of Valencian Science Parks), APTE (the Spanish National Association of Science and Technology Parks), RedEmprendia (the Ibero-American University Network of Business Incubators) and IASP (the International Association of Science Parks). It also has relations with different international parks. The PCUV is linked with different regional and national initiatives, such as: • Industria Conectada 4.0, Spanish Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Tourism. • Red.es, a public organisation appointed to the Spanish Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation. • INCYDE Foundation, the chamber Institute for the Creation and Development of Companies • Research and Innovation Smart Specialisation Strategy of the Comunitat Valenciana (RIS3-CV) • Regional Valencian Ministry of Innovation, Universities, Science and Digital Society. • The Valencian Innovation Agency (AVI), a public organisation accountable to the Regional Valencian Ministry of Innovation, Universities, Science and Digital Society of the Generalitat Valenciana. • The Valencian Institute of Business Competitiveness (IVACE), a public organisation accountable to the Regional Valencian Ministry of Sustainable Economy, Production Sectors, Commerce and Work of the Generalitat Valenciana. Keywords: Information Technology, Electronics, Industrial
Contact Person(s): Mariano Serra Bondia
Phone: +34 963544758
Email: dih@fpcuv.es
Location: Calle catedrático agustín escardino, 9, 46980 Valencia Valencia, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.pcuv.es/en/dih
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Polymers and plastics (very high involvement), Legal Aspects (low involvement), Regulation (low involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (low involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (low involvement), Finance (low involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (low involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), products) (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), optoelectronics (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PDIH
Title: Pomeranian Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Poland
Description: Thanks to the project implementation, Pomeranian Digital Innovation Hub, which was selected by the Ministry of Development and Technology in the pre-selection, will be created. It will be managed by the consortium consisting of the Coordinator (COO), 20 Beneficiaries (BEN) and 11 Associated Partners (AP). Consortium will be coordinated by Pomeranian Special Economic Zone and Gdansk Science and Technology Park due to their important role in the local and regional ecosystem of innovation and entrepreneurship, and will be represented by entities with necessary expertise, experience, and required resources, which will allow successfully accomplish projects goals, tasks and activities. PDIH will act as one stop shop supporting mainly local SMEs, small mid-caps and public sector organizations with their digital and green transformation. PDIH will offer its clients the complete set of the following services: 1) Skills and training; 2) Test before invest; 3) Support to find investments; 4) Innovation ecosystem and networking. Its offer is a wide, yet well-thought-out and tailored to the identified needs of customers, catalogue of services (81 categories), which allows for the implementation of digital and green transformation. PDIH clients will gain access to new skills, technological and investment consulting, practical trainings, as well as access to the innovation ecosystem around PDIH allowing them to establish business relationships in the country and in the whole Europe, which will allow them to increase their competitiveness in the field of their operations by implementing digital solutions of the Industry 4.0. A significant part of the project in addition to the implementation of specialized services is networking and matchmaking activities. PDIH will be active in networking with other representatives of local, regional, national and European innovative ecosystem.
Contact Person(s): Marta Szalecka
Phone: +48723040090
Email: m.szalecka@strefa.gda.pl
Location: Ul. Trzy Lipy 3 bud.B IV p., 80-172 Gdansk, Poland
Type: EDIH
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Public administration (very low involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Technological innovation (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cybersecurity (low involvement), Digital twins (low involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Photonics Bretagne
Title: Photonics Bretagne
Country: France
Description: Photonics Bretagne is a Photonics Innovation Hub located in Lannion (Brittany, France)integrating a cluster supporting innovation in the field of Photonics and its applications and a research and technology organisation (RTO) expert in the development of specialty optical fibers and components. The cluster supports innovation and industrial and technological development of its members (companies, research centers and schools) in order to generate economic growth and create jobs in Photonics, in Brittany. The cluster gathers more than 100 members today. The RTO of Photonics Bretagne develops, provides and sells custom specialty optical fibers and optical components. The RTO also offers services such as scientific studies, technology transfer and consulting in Photonics.
Contact Person(s): Méchin David
Phone: +33296485889
Email: contact@photonics-bretagne.com
Location: 4 rue louis de broglie, Lannion, France
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.photonics-bretagne.com
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PIAP HUB
Title: PIAP HUB
Country: Poland
Description: Ever since PIAP’s origins in 1965 it’s role was to introduce new technologies to industry. PIAP acknowledges the low level of digitalisation in Polish manufacturing companies relative to other European countries and wants to facilitate the upcoming boom in this field in the Mazovian Region and in the whole country. Nowadays PIAP helps companies in the region become more competitive by improving their business/production processes as well as products (and services) by means of digital technology. This is being achieved by offered support with expertise and infrastructure, consulting and training services.
PIAP’s established role of competence centre for robotics, automation and measurements for industrial purposes has been accompanied by a number of services based on the expertise such as technology audits, technology scouting and technology brokering. By runnig a Hub in Warsaw PIAP intends to extend its impact to the SME sector by offering services to companies which currently have a relatively low level of digitisation and which do not have the resources or personnel to address the digitisation challenge.

The hub has access to a number of labs used for scientific and commercial purposes. These are being integrated in processes supporting business in order introduce the one-stop-shop principle. Our goal is to have the capacity to offer companies possibilities to test and experiment with technologies. To support the technology providers and users to carry out an experiment and to test whether the proposed approach would indeed be beneficial for the user. At the same time this experiment can be useful for the provider that has an early customer and can adapt the technology to the needs of a certain class of users.

Technologies developed by PIAP, its partners and clients may take advantage of PIAP’s commercialization good practices offered in the form of supporting service. Upon request they will be subject to commercialization potential evaluation by PIAP special purpose vehicle PIAP-Scientech Sp. z o.o.. The methodology developed in cooperation with an SPV of the Warsaw University of Technology will be applied. If the technologies show potential of commercialization, the process will be launched and the success fee will be distributed among parties involved in commercialization and R&D. Several networks and organizations (National Chamber o Commerce, Polish Institute of Technology, VCs and intermediaries running investment opportunities scans) will be involved in the process. Playing the role core partner in PIAP HUB Fundingbox Accelerator Sp. z o.o. provide access to cascade funding, acceleration andincubation programs and cascade funding distribution.
The role of the animator of the hub will be not only to offer its expertise and resources but most of all to integrate the potential of the whole ecosystem of public and private labs, technology and service providers. Hundreds of project implemented by PIAP resulted in a great network of partners from all sector. Their potential will add to the background PIAP already has and result in creation of a vibrant hub participating in international networks and national initiatives.
Contact Person(s): Lipiec Krzysztof
Phone: +48 22 874 00 18
Email: krzysztof.lipiec@piap.lukasiewicz.gov.pl
Location: Aleje jerozolimskie 202, Warsaw, Poland
Type: DIH
Website: https://piap.lukasiewicz.gov.pl
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PICS2
Title: Puglia Innovation Center for Safety and Security
Country: Italy
Description: Puglia Innovation Center for Safety and Security (PICS2) aims to support Public Bodies and small and medium enterprises operating in Industrial Development Areas and in Special Economic Zones, by transferring culture and awareness to ease and speed up the process of digital and green transition and enhance its impact on personnel. To facilitate change to digital, PICS2 will focus on the issues of intelligent integration of data and services, safety (health and welfare of people, environmental protection, prevention and protection from natural disasters) and security (protection of industrial, logistics, customs and energy infrastructure, both in physical and digital terms). Services will be provided in four key areas: Technologies, Business, Ecosystem and Training. A strict collaboration with others national and European EDIH will be established to explore synergies and management options for digital transition.
Contact Person(s): Patrizia Guida
Phone: +393482431087
Email: guida@lum.it
Location: S.s. 100 km. 18,00, 70010 Casamassima (ba) TA, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (very high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), wholesale or distribution (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: products) (high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PID BERGAMO SVILUPPO
Title: PID BERGAMO SVILUPPO
Country: Italy
Description: PID Bergamo Sviluppo is a non-profit organization, established in the second half of 2017 and managed by the Special Agency of the Chamber of Commerce of Bergamo, named Bergamo Sviluppo: https://www.bergamosviluppo.it/sito/sviluppo-e-innovazione/pid-punto-impresa-digitale.html
In Italy, PIDs and DIHs together with Technology Transfer Centres, Universities and innovation clusters, share the responsibility to provide services for the digitalization of SMEs.
PID Bergamo Sviluppo is part of the 88 PID distributed in Italy created by the “National Plan Impresa 4.0 2017-2020” implemented in May 2017 by the Italian Ministry of Economic Development (hereinafter MiSE): https://www.puntoimpresadigitale.camcom.it/paginainterna/cosa-sono-punti-impresa-digitale-network-impresa-40
PID Bergamo Sviluppo is a one stop shop that offers solutions and services to help SMEs with the digitalization process. Our support, as other DIHs, is focused on:

workshops on Industry 4.0 items and on enabling technologies;
training on the job through experience center based on lean production (labour and service intensive);
self-analysis to define the digitalization level of the local business companies (SELFI4.0)
one to one consulting through expert insight, an original approach to creative problem solving and cost-effective delivery (ZOOM4.0)
economic support through Digital voucher provided by Bergamo Chamber of Commerce.

We are part of Bergamo Sviluppo, recognized by the Lombardy Region as a Research and Technology Transfer Center (RTTC) within the QUESTIO system and by IASP (International Association of Science Parks and Areas of Innovation) as a Science Park since 2013.
Bergamo Sviluppo’s Science Park is located in Dalmine and for 6 years hosts the Business Incubator (active since 2001). The project aims to develop high growth potential business and supporting, at a local and national level, aspiring entrepreneurs or self-employed who wish to work in the field of innovative services or manufacturing activities. The Business Incubator of Bergamo Sviluppo is the ideal place for the growth of innovative ideas, thedevelopment of new technologies, the creation of stimulating synergies and business opportunities.
Contact Person(s): Arrigoni Cristiano
Phone: 00390353888011
Email: arrigoni@bg.camcom.it
Location: Via sebastiano zilioli, 2, Bergamo, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.bergamosviluppo.it/sito/sviluppo-e-innovazione/pid-punto-impresa-di…
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Plan4all
Title: Plan4all z.s.
Country: Czechia
Description: Plan4all, as a Digital Innovation Hub, specializes in integrating open data and implementing advanced technologies for sustainable development planning. Their activities include managing and making diverse datasets accessible, particularly in spatial planning, agriculture, and environmental management. They leverage Geographic Information Systems (GIS), remote sensing, and big data analytics for spatial analysis. Plan4all fosters collaboration by connecting public authorities, private companies, academia, and NGOs, creating a network for knowledge exchange. They emphasize capacity building through training, workshops, and webinars, and engage in research and development, particularly in applying spatial data for planning. Additionally, Plan4all supports policy-making with data-driven insights and advocates for the use of open data and open-source tools, contributing significantly to the open data community. Plan4all's membership in various prestigious organizations highlights its commitment to promoting open data and digital innovation in various sectors. As a member of the Global Open Data for Agriculture and Nutrition (GODAN), Plan4all supports the global effort to make agricultural and nutritionally relevant data available, accessible, and usable for unrestricted use worldwide. Their involvement with the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) aligns with their focus on geospatial data and standards, contributing to the development of open standards for geospatial and location-based services. Being a part of the Big Data Value Association (BDVA) allows Plan4all to engage with the broader European Big Data community, focusing on driving innovation and excellence in data-driven technologies. Their membership in the Research Data Alliance (RDA) reflects their commitment to improving data sharing and interoperability, which is crucial for research and innovation. Furthermore, as one of the Participating Organizations of the Group on Earth Observation (GEO), Plan4all actively contributes to global initiatives that leverage Earth observation data for the benefit of society, particularly in areas like environmental monitoring and sustainable development. Through these memberships, Plan4all not only contributes its expertise but also gains valuable insights and collaborations, reinforcing its role as a key player in the digital innovation landscape.
Contact Person(s): Tomas Mildorf
Phone: +420735713957
Email: mildorf@plan4all.eu
Location: K rybnicku 557, 33012 Horní bříza, Czechia
Type: DIH
Website: https://hub.plan4all.eu/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Education (high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (very low involvement), Environment (high involvement), Life sciences (low involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Smart City (low involvement), Space (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (low involvement), Field trial (low involvement), Knowledge transfer (moderate involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (high involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Big data (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (very high involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Pôle EMC2 Competitiveness cluster for innovation in production technologies
Title: Pôle EMC2 Competitiveness cluster for innovation in production technologies
Country: France
Description: EMC2 is a French competitiveness cluster created in 2005 in the framework of a national initiative for industry competitiveness, operating in the Pays de la Loire and Brittany regions on Advanced Manufacturing Technologies.
The association gathers all the actors of innovation around key markets and technologies to foster the emergence of collaborative projects of R&D. The aim is to reinforce the innovation territorial ecosystem by structuring 4 sectors – aeronautics, naval, ground transportation and energy – in a common and transversal approach: the advanced manufacturing technologies. The vision of the cluster is to promote business development through collaborative innovation, building an innovation path mixing skills, markets and technologies to make innovation R&D projects emerge. EMC2 activities are enhanced by the IRT Jules Verne (Research and Technological Center) created 3 years ago at the initiative of the cluster.
EMC2 leads a network of 380 members composed of SMEs, Large Entreprises (LEs) such as Airbus, STX Europe, Naval Group, Solvay, Dassault… as well as the Research & Technical Organisations of our territory (Ecole Centrale de Nantes, Université de Nantes, Ecole des Mines de Nantes,...). At the end of 2016, the global budget of R&D reached 1.395 bn € for 230 projects launched, including 523M€ of public funds.
Contact Person(s): Touzeau Josselyn
Phone: nan
Email: josselyn.touzeau@pole-emc2.fr
Location: Technocampus composites, chemin du chaffault, 44340 Nantes, France
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.pole-emc2.fr/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: POLIDIH
Title: Pollisia digital innovation hub
Country: Ukraine
Description: The Polissia Digital Innovation Hub (POLIDIH) is a pioneering initiative that aims to drive digital transformation and sustainable development in the Polissya region of Ukraine. Using advanced geographic information systems (GIS), satellite data analytics, and modern digital technologies, POLIDIH enables enterprises, government agencies, and communities to optimize decision-making, improve resource management, and foster innovation.
Focusing on supporting key areas such as small and medium-sized businesses, ecology, industry, agriculture, forestry, public administration, and local self-government, POLIDIH provides customized solutions that address pressing regional challenges. The hub’s comprehensive services range from GIS-based spatial analysis and environmental monitoring to capacity-building programs and funding support, ensuring a holistic approach to digital progress.
As a cornerstone of regional innovation, POLIDIH bridges the gap between local needs and global expertise, creating a robust ecosystem for collaboration, knowledge sharing, and sustainable growth.
Contact Person(s): Tetiana Fedoniuk (international cooperation) Vita Buhaychuck (intra-ukrainian cooperation)
Phone: +380686775995 (international cooperation) +38067390 55 70 (intra-ukrainian cooperation)
Email: polidih.ukraine@gmail.com
Location: Polissia National University, Staryy blvd., 7, Zhytomyr, Zhytomyrs'ka oblast, 10008, Ukraine
Type: EDIH
Website: http://polidih.com.ua/
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), data (very high involvement), Gamification (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: POLYTRONICS
Title: Innovation Hub for Smart Polymers and Digital Technologies
Country: France
Description: Polytronics is dedicated to supporting SMEs in their digital transition, in respect of Artificial Intelligence (AI), with a focus on the polymer industry: plastics, textiles, elastomers & rubbers, composites. Indeed, these industries are often traditional and conservative (notably in the textile sector with quite often production machines lacking mere sensors) yet suffer from the lack of data exploitation even though their manufacturing lines may be equipped with sensors. Polytronics aims to help companies in the polymers industry in their digital maturity by leveraging the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) based on exploitable data from their products and manufacturing processes. Polytronics gathers 7 specialists in AI, robotics, data management and exploitation, 3 partners specialised in sensors integration, 2 partners specialised in mechatronics to support proofs of concept in industry, 5 technical centers specialised in targeted polymer sectors, and 2 innovation clusters. Experts in polymers will support AI experts in understanding and adapting the needs and pain point of the SMEs in the polymer industry. Therefore, SMEs will benefit from the crossed expertise to facilitate the implementation of AI in their business, without negative disruption of their business. Polytronics dedicate 70% of its budget, 3.3M€ over 3 years to the provision of services to SMEs. Besides this core activity, Polytronics partners will merge and update its website and two key platform, a marketplace and a knowledge management platform, to implement a web portal which will be the one-stop-shop for SMEs, therefore facilitating their access and user journey. This web portal will allow notably gathering data and indicators to feed the DTA with the digital maturity evolution of the polymer sector targeted by Polytronics. Finally, clustering activities, communication and dissemination will allow implicating Polytronics in the whole EDIH network.
Contact Person(s): Adèle Seguin
Phone: +33 (0)642140234
Email: polytronics@polymeris.fr
Location: 180 rue pierre et marie curie maison des entreprises, 01115 Bellignat, France
Type: EDIH
Website: https://polytronics.eu/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Polymers and plastics (very high involvement), Textiles (very high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Additive manufacturing (high involvement), products) (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: pro_digital
Title: pro_digital EDIH
Country: Germany
Description: What are the goal and target groups of pro_digital?
The main goal of pro_digital is to become a one-stop agency for "twin digital and green transformation" in the Brandenburg region. More digitalisation, more sustainability, less resource consumption and CO2 emissions.
In the coming months and years, pro_digital will support start-ups, SMEs and midcaps (in short: SMEs) and governmental organisations (public administrations, in short: GOs for Governmental Organisations) in this transformation: higher digital maturity for a more resilient, sustainable, circular, regenerative and green economic growth. pro_digital thus also contributes to the successful structural transformation of Brandenburg. 
What does pro_digital offer?
pro_digital offers knowledge, practical know-how and access to various digital technologies to support businesses and public administrations to increase their performance and competitiveness.
pro_digital will provide a portfolio of offers for the target groups in the areas of:

Training and information
Testing environments to test technologies in real contexts 
Information on public and private funding for digital transformation
Contact Person(s): Tobias Pradel
Phone: +49 3375 508 673
Email: tobias.pradel@th-wildau.de
Location: Hochschulring 1, 15745 Wildau, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: https://edihprodigital.eu/en
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Education (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Public administration (high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Digital twins (low involvement), High performance computing (low involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PRODUTECH DIH
Title: PRODUTECH DIH
Country: Portugal
Description: As European Digital Innovation Hub, PRODUTECH DIH has the mission to promote the digitalisation of the manufacturing industry, through a consistent and coherent dual intervention directed to both production technologies and manufacturing sectors, leveraging the role that production technologies assume in the digital and green transformation of the several sectors of the manufacturing industry. Gathering a critical mass of unique capacities, infrastructures, competencies, capabilities and associated services, and having a solid relational capital with the ecosystem of stakeholders, a track record of European intervention and of corridors with other EDIHs, PRODUTECH DIH articulates, provides and makes available to the industry, and pertinent stakeholders, a coherent set of support services within the 4 main functions attributed to European Digital Innovation Hubs: Test before invest, Skills and training, Support to find investments and Dynamization of the innovation ecosystem and networking. PRODUTECH DIH is a consortium of 19 organizations, gathering the Portuguese cluster of production technologies for manufacturing, a science park/incubator, industry’s sector-oriented technology centers, research and technology organizations and higher education and vocational training organizations, with multiple locations across Portugal, acting as multipliers of digital capacities and as access points to the hub, to the European Network of DIHs, pertinent stakeholders, such as Enterprise Europe Network, and initiatives, and providing key support services, within the domains foreseen by the Digital Europe Programme, towards the digital and green transformation of the industry. PRODUTECH DIH delivers a solid unique value proposition: (1) consistent consortium towards the digital and green transformation of the industry, (2) European intervention capacity and ambition and (3) a strategic synergic intervention Local-Regional-National-European.
Contact Person(s): Pedro Miguel ROCHA
Phone: +351 914919821
Email: pedro.rocha@produtech.org
Location: Rua dos Platanos 197, 4100-414 Porto, Portugal
Type: EDIH
Website: https://dih.produtech.org/en
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Aeronautics (high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Consumer products (high involvement), Defence (high involvement), Education (high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Electricity (moderate involvement), Energy (high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (moderate involvement), Environment (high involvement), Financial (low involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), Leather (high involvement), Maritime (moderate involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (high involvement), Paper and wood (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (high involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement), wholesale or distribution (high involvement), Security (moderate involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Textiles (high involvement), Tobacco (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), products) (very high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Displays (moderate involvement), Gamification (high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (very high involvement), Location-based applications (very high involvement), Logistics (very high involvement), optoelectronics (very high involvement), Mobility (high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (moderate involvement), Organic and large area electronics (very high involvement), Photonics (very high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (moderate involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Software Architectures (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PTCentroDiH
Title: Digital Innovation Hub da Região Centro
Country: Portugal
Description: PTCentroDIH aims to support the Digital and Green transition of the SMEs and Public Administration of the Centro Region of Portugal, by acting as a one-stop-shop to foster competitiveness, innovation and territorial cohesion in the region. PTCentroDiH’s consortium comprises 21 partners from the Centro Region, namely the 4 Competitiveness Clusters, the 3 Universities, the 6 Polytechnic Institutes and the leading R&D Centres from the Region. The consortium has deep knowledge about the Region’s innovation ecosystem and truly understands the existing offer and needs in terms of digital transformation services, being in a highly favourable position to provide services that are fully aligned with the real needs and demands of the targeted local entities. With a solid Foundation on Advanced Digital Technologies Application, PTCentroDiH will have a transversal approach in terms of digital technologies and will provide a set of services not often used by the local entities, especially SMEs and the Public Sector. PTCentroDiH’s service portfolio, namely “Test before invest”, “Skills and training”, “Support to find investment”, and “Innovation ecosystem and networking”, will be highly innovative for the local entities, who are not used to having extended access to these types of services. PTCentroDiH will ensure that all the companies from the Centro Region will have similar opportunities to access multiple services, ensuring that every company, whether small or large, high-tech or not, will not be left behind in the digital and green transformation. PTCentroDiH strategy is being developed in collaboration with the Authority for the Development of the Centro Region of Portugal (CCRDC) to guarantee the HUB will significantly contribute to increasing the competitiveness and innovation across different sectors and fields of activity in the region. This will foster the Centro Region territorial cohesion, and the creation of a more competitive, resilient, and dynamic society.
Contact Person(s): Rui TOCHA
Phone: +351244570420
Email: info@toolingportugal.com
Location: Rua da belgica lote 18 edificio open zona industrial, 2431-901 Marinha grande, Portugal
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: R.O.M.E. Digital Hub
Title: Research and innovation Organization for the disseMination of knowledge on advanced tEchnologies  Digital Hub
Country: Italy
Description: The R.O.M.E. Digital Hub - also called R.O.M.E. - main objective is to accelerate the digital transformation of SMEs and Public Sector Organizations (PSOs), by offering them innovative and affordable services covering an extensive area including Northern and Central Italy with a focus on the Lazio Region. The R.O.M.E. network of partners is composed of organizations such as SMEs, Technology Parks, Universities, R&D Centres, Entrepreneurial Associations as well as a DIH, having suitable knowledge and experience to achieve the mentioned goal. The R.O.M.E. strength lies indeed in first instance in the already existing synergy among partners as well as in the management capacity and long expertise of the Coordinator, hosting several companies in its technology park. Secondly, SMEs Consortium and the Coordinator both have been supporting SMEs for a long time and they are familiar with small business issues, thereby making the R.O.M.E. proposal suitable for properly overcoming the barriers to the digital transformation. The R.O.M.E. services catalogue covers the key technologies High Performance Computing, Cybersecurity and Artificial Intelligence - the main technology - as well as Advanced Digital Skills such as IoT, Blockchain and Computer Vision. The R.O.M.E. expected results for SMEs are: establishing networks to strengthen their investment capacity, creating shared investment processes and facilitating the industrialization of R&D projects, also in order to promote future mergers and integrations between similar realities to acquire or strengthen the competitiveness in a specific sector. As to PSOs: a better understanding of the community needs with a positive impact on citizens, a higher level of quality services and a modern innovative attitude in finding new solutions to digitalization challenges.
Contact Person(s): Angela CIANCIA
Phone: +39 0641293531
Email: a.ciancia@tecnopolo.it
Location: via Ardito Desio 60, 00131 Roma RM, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (low involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Automotive (low involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very low involvement), Construction & Assembly (very low involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Defence (very high involvement), Education (high involvement), Energy (very low involvement), Environment (low involvement), Financial (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Life sciences (low involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very low involvement), Maritime (very low involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Security (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Space (high involvement), Telecommunications (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement), Travel and tourism (low involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (low involvement), Field trial (moderate involvement), Finance (low involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), Cloud Services (low involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very low involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Human computer interaction (low involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very low involvement), Location-based applications (low involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (low involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (low involvement), Robotics (low involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (low involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: RBI DIH
Title: RBI DIH
Country: Croatia
Description: Nonprofit RBI DIH provide by the Center for Informatics and Computing (CIC)a organizational unit of the Ruđer Bošković Institute in which research projects, development programs and services for scientists are performed in the fields of information technology and computing. involved in H2020 SESAMENET oriented to promoting application of HPC technologies for improving SME-s production processes.
Our Objectives
* Scientific Research: advance the state of the art in eScience and develop new technologies, providing research grants at the national and international level;
Transfer of technology: support scientific community and transfer of technology from scientific realm to the industry and government, while supporting the growth of SMEs and large enterprises in Croatia;
* Consultations and maintain resources: provide know-how and expertise on eScience, maintain HPC, CLOUD, GRID resources and support industry with an access to advanced computing facilities and expertise;
* Education and training: implementation of educational activities in EU educational networks and conferences of local and global scale;
* Innovation and exploitation activities: support innovative and creative activities, transfer of technology and to provide expertise to industry and government to support the economic growth;
* Networking and dissemination: Aiming to create national and EU strategic partnerships with academic and industry.
Contact Person(s): Skala Karolj
Phone: +38598209816
Email: skala@irb.hr
Location: Bijenicka cesta 54, Zagreb, Croatia
Type: DIH
Website: http://cir.com.hr/rbidih/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: RCDS
Title: Robotics, Control and Decision Systems Digital Innovation Hub at the Cyprus University of Technology
Country: Cyprus
Description: We are the Robotics, Control, and Decision Systems (RCDS) laboratory and Digital Innovation Hub (DIH) at the Cyprus University of Technology. We are the first robotics laboratory in Cyprus (established in 2011) Since then, we have developed externally funded activities worth more than 26 million euros. We engage in research, technology development, innovation, and commercialisation activities. The team has decades of combined robotics, technology, product development, and business experience in the US and Europe. We have worked with commercial entities of all sizes (start-ups to multinationals) as well as academia, government agencies and NGOs. Keywords: entrepreneurship, algorithm development, open software, open hardware, robotics, decision making, logistics
Contact Person(s): Associate Professor Savvas G. Loizou
Phone: +357-25 00 21 65
Email: savvas.loizou@cut.ac.cy
Location: 45 kitiou kyprianou street, dorothea bldg., office 507, 3041 Limassol, Cyprus
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.rcdslab.org/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Maritime (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), SME support (moderate involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: RCDSI NCIZ
Title: Regional Center for Digital Solutions and Innovation NCIZ
Country: Bulgaria
Description: This project proposal envisages the creation of a European Digital Innovation Hub by the name of Regional Center for Digital Solutions and Innovations NCIZ (RCDSI NCIZ) on the territory of Industrial Park Sofia-Bozhurishte. The project aims to construct innovative digital infrastructure supporting the digital transformation of the companies in the field, mostly SME and small mid-caps, as well as public sector organisations performing non-profit activities in view of increasing their competitiveness through assimilation and implementation of the Industry 4.0 paradigm. An innovative research infrastructure will be built to serve the area's investor companies as well as future entrepreneurs, researchers, innovators, scientists, citizens, local and regional administrations. The centerpiece of the center will be a virtual reality lab that will provide users with 3D laser visualization of buildings, machines and new products before launching them. This will also help to stimulate innovation and the introduction of new technologies, increase the technological potential for staff qualification. The implementation of the project will also increase the interaction and exchange of knowledge between scientific organizations, business business and the municipality.
Contact Person(s): Dobrinka Vitcheva
Phone: +359888683088
Email: d.vicheva@nciz.bg
Location: 1, angel kanchev str., 1000 Sofia, Bulgaria
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement)
Provided Services: Technological innovation (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: re_d
Title: re_d: rethink digital - Central Poland Digitalisation Hub
Country: Poland
Description: re_d (rethink digital Hub) is a Digitalisation Hub located in the region of Central Poland focusing on IoT/5G, cybersecurity, AI, VR/AR areas and open innovation channel, aiming at preparing SMEs to understand and implement technologies. Re_d is a combination of business institutions, academia, R&D centers, business and startups.
Contact Person(s): Anna Krawczyk
Phone: +48 691 400 083
Email: anna.krawczyk@sse.lodz.pl
Location: Tymienieckiego 22G, 90-349 Lodz, Poland
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.re-d.pl/
Active Sectors: Textiles (very high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Internet of Things (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: RECENDT - Research Center for Non-Destructive Testing GmbH
Title: RECENDT - Research Center for Non-Destructive Testing GmbH
Country: Austria
Description: RECENDT, the Research Center for Non Destructive Testing GmbH is a non-university based research company in Austria.
Although being an RTO company, RECENDT is (owned by the University, the University of applied science and the Upper Austrian Research) a non-profit organization dedicated to research and to making the research results available for companies of all sizes and from all industrial branches.
As an internationally well recognized Research Center for Materials Characterization and Non-Destructive Testing & Measurement, RECENDT operates very successfully on the Austrian and international market since 2009.
RECENDT gained internationally acknowledged reputation as partner as well as coordinator in numerous national, EU- and international projects. The company is well established as a popular partner for local SMEs as well as multinational enterprises.
 
Fundamental Research & Industrial Solutions:
Our range of services incorporates the whole R&D process chain and stretches from application-oriented fundamental research to the development of state-of-the-art technology for industrial applications.
 
Contact Person(s): Holzer Robert
Phone: +43 (732) 2468 4602
Email: robert.holzer@recendt.at
Location: Altenberger strasse 69, science park 2, 4040 Linz, Austria
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.recendt.at
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: REIMAGINE Textile
Title: REIMAGINE Textile
Country: Spain
Description: Reimagine Textile is the network of cooperation that connects the main players in the textile industry, inviting them to re-imagine the 21st century. The new materials, production processes and channels, the proliferation of data, devices, sensors and hyperconnectivity are giving rise to a new revolution of the textile. Driven by Eurecat, the TecnoCampus Mataró and the Research and Textile Technology Transfer Centre of Canet de Mar, Reimagine Textile aims to be a key player in this revolution, bringing together textile, technology, innovation, talent, new business models, new skills, design and digitalisation. This is an ecosystem based on an open philosophy: its members cooperate, share, co-work, co-create, co-invest and connect. The 5 main lines of Reimagine Textile are technology, industry, training, entrepreneurship and investment. As a result, it is made up of companies, entrepreneurs, technology centres, Fablabs, schools of design, investors, mentors, incubators, accelerators, consultants and associations. The portfolio of services available to the members of the network include an innovation and advanced prototypes laboratory, technology radar, incubation services, technological and business acceleration, mentoring, financing, consultation and support in the market approach and new business models, as well as networking and outreach activities. Services: - Technology transfer - Innovation lab & further prototypes - Technology radar - Digitalization - Approach to market - Intensive & innovative entrepreneurship - Technology incubation & acceleration - Advanced funding - Mentoring - New & advanced business models - Networking & events - Expertise & innovative talent - Advisement - Dissemination - Complementary competences
Contact Person(s): García Virginia
Phone: (34) 93 741 91 0
Email: reimaginetextile@cetemmsa.com
Location: Av. d’ernest lluch 36, 08302 Mataró Barcelona, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.reimaginetextile.com/en/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Réseau LIEU – LIaisons Entreprises-Universités
Title: Réseau LIEU – LIaisons Entreprises-Universités
Country: Belgium
Description: The LIEU network brings together the Knowledge Transfer Offices (KTOs) of Belgian French-speaking Universities and Higher Education Institutions. The mission of the KTOs is to stimulate and facilitate cooperation between scientific communities and companies in terms of collaborative research, services and knowledge transfer. The LIEU network aims to create a forum where businesses and researchers can enter a dialogue to build trusting relationships. The advisors of the LIEU network act as go-betweens for businesses and researchers, analyzing the business’ needs in order to direct them to the best available solution, and facilitate their cooperation with appropriate academic researchers. The main services provided to companies are divided in three categories: • INFORM: provide to company a concise and consolidated information on the available scientific skills, services and facilities, • COOPERATE: provide to company a tailored support to find a research partner and to establish a business/research partnership, • NETWORK: organize business/research events to stimulate new contacts and give an opportunity to learn about technological and societal advances. The LIEU network forms a unique ecosystem that successfully promotes interactions between various research and innovation professionals. Therefore, LIEU maintains close relationships with all the members of the Walloon Digital Innovation Hub (DIH Digital Wallonia.be), especially the RTOs, the incubator/accelerator, the industry and cluster organizations, the economic development agencies and the regional government.
Contact Person(s): Wyart Eric
Phone: +32 (0) 81 62 25 94
Email: director@reseaulieu.be
Location: Passage des déportés 2, Gembloux, Belgium
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.reseaulieu.be/en
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Reutlingen University Werk150
Title: Reutlingen University Werk150
Country: Germany
Description: Werk150 was founded in 2011 and is the factory of ESB Business School on the campus of Reutlingen University.
The facility is used for application-oriented research and knowledge transfer in training, continuing education, demonstration of solutions in the areas of Industry 4.0, artificial intelligence (AI) and digital twin. We train future experts in the environment of innovative technologies.
At Werk150, we demonstrate, plan and design:

demonstrators for know-how transfer - making Industry 4.0 potential visible,
the use of cloud-based tools for service-oriented collaborative engineering,
smart automation solutions in logistics,
blockchain solutions in the supply chain,
agile value creation structures and processes,
hybrid work and production systems,
methods and tools for planning and realizing future-proof factories, production systems and warehouses,
solutions for the cost-optimal design of logistics supply at the strategic (location and production strategies), tactical ( adaptability and robustness) and operational (dynamics and flexibility) levels,
solutions with 5G private networks in production and logistics (Werk150 has a full 5G standalone private network).

Werk150 is a research facility of Reutlingen University. The results of applied research are continuously integrated into teaching. As a non-profit institution, it supports small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the implementation of innovation and research tasks. The ESB Business School factory does not pursue any commercial goals or economic interest. Projects are publicly funded or privately realized on cost basis.
Our task as an applied research institution is to bring new developments and innovations from science into application and thus to sustainably support small and medium-sized enterprises in their innovation potential. Through research projects, such as the 5G4KMU project funded by the state of Baden-Württemberg, Werk150 supports companies in their digital transformation.
Werk150's activities to support local SMEs include:

Objective advice as independent scientists, as well as low-risk and low-threshold access to new technologies and infrastructures.
Development of new products and applications using Werk150's state-of-the-art infrastructure under real test conditions.
Research and realization of new business models through feasibility studies and workshops.
Prototypical implementation and testing of project ideas with the support of highly qualified personnel.
Contact Person(s): Palm Daniel
Phone: +4971 21 2 71 31 05
Email: daniel.palm@reutlingen-university.de
Location: Alteburgstr. 150, Reutlingen, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.esb-business-school.de/en/research/research-activities/werk150
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Robocoast
Title: Robocoast EDIH Consortium
Country: Finland
Description: Robocoast EDIH supports the manufacturing industry to use digital technology to promote sustainable growth and competitiveness (Industry 4.0). Robocoast EDIH offers one-stop access to EDIH services and networks of European best digital experts, which helps SMEs to become more skilled, innovative, and competitive. Robocoast EDIH has local service nodes and expert resources in the nine regions of Finland, where almost 50% of Finnish manufacturing companies are located. Through EDIH services, Robocoast EDIH combines the needs of the manufacturing industry with the expertise of universities and technology companies. Robocoast EDIH services have been created based on actual needs and long-term cooperation with the manufacturing industry with great results. Robocoast has been Digital Innovation HUB since 2017. Robocoast EDIH has high-level expertise in Cybersecurity and know-how to support companies to apply new digital technologies (AI, Robotics, IoT, 5G and HPC) for developing processes, products, and services. Robocoast EDIH Consortium consists of 15 universities and several RDI laboratories and testbed environments, including over 9 000 digital technology specialists and over 800 Cybersecurity, Robotics, AI, and ICT companies. Based on professionalism, testing, and R&D resources of cybersecurity, The Finnish Information Security Cluster (FISC) strongly recommends the Robocoast EDIH. FISC is an organization established by major Finnish information security companies, and it has nearly 80 members. Robocoast EDIH will be one of the leading centers of cybersecurity in the Digital Europe Program.
Contact Person(s): Mikko Puputti
Phone: +358 44 7105343
Email: mikko.puputti@prizz.fi
Location: Gallen-Kallelankatu 8, 28100 Pori, Finland
Type: EDIH
Website: https://robocoast.eu/
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Defence (moderate involvement), Education (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (low involvement), Environment (low involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Maritime (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Nuclear (moderate involvement), Paper and wood (high involvement), Security (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (low involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (low involvement), Regional development (very low involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (low involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Communication network (low involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Gamification (low involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (low involvement), Location-based applications (very low involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Robotics Association SKALP
Title: Robotics Association SKALP
Country: Poland
Description: The SKALP Robotics Association

is an interdisciplinary organization aimed at the promotion of robotics, industry support related to modern technologies and education in robotics and automation, modern production methods and the space industry. We build prototypes, develop new technologies and undertake tasks that are too difficult for others. We offer technological consulting services for companies, including technological readiness audits according to the ADMA methodology.
Everyone interested in our activities is invited to the Open Robotics Laboratory - a space dedicated to prototyping, experimenting and looking for answers to the most difficult questions. Our laboratory is located in the Gdańsk Science and Technology Park. Members of the Association are currently involved, among others. in the projects of autonomous vehicles, inspection robots and intelligent agricultural robots.
As a non-profit organization, the association reinvests any operating income as part of its statutory activities.
As part of cooperation increasing the competences and digital capabilities of small and medium-sized companies with whom we cooperate, we offer a number of services, including:


Field meetings with companies. The lack of awareness of the need for change has been diagnosed by us as one of the biggest stoppers in digital transformation. For this purpose, we organize a series of meetings on site, as close as possible to potential customers. The main purpose of the meetings is to arouse the interest and curiosity of entrepreneurs. Therefore, the presented materials will be short, engaging and showing the latest technologies, such as walking robots, autonomous vehicles, artificial intelligence, etc. To this will be attached Use Cases of our partners showing the real benefits of implementing modern industry 4.0 solutions.




Visits to the Leaders of Transformation. To show the possibilities and advantages of implementing digital technologies, we organize visits among regional leaders in implementing modern solutions. These are both companies that have previously undergone a transformation process together with the Association, and organizations that have been improving their operations with modern tools for years. The visits are recorded, edited and published on the Association's channels.




Digital Maturity Assessment. The next step, after building awareness and the need for change, is to conduct an audit assessing at what point in digital progress the organization is at and what are the further development priorities. SR SKALP in its resources has 3 certified ADMA auditors, it also has audit experience resulting from cooperation with many production companies.




Technology demonstrators. In order to understand the potential of emerging new technologies, entrepreneurs must have space to freely familiarize themselves with the latest technological developments. The Digital Innovation Hub should naturally provide the possibility of contact with technologies unavailable elsewhere. As SR SKALP, we focus primarily on solutions in the field of walking robots, autonomous vehicles, including drones, and high-speed manufacturing technologies such as 3D printing.




Test Before Invest. High costs and the uncertainty of the return on investment in modern solutions are the biggest brake stopping small and medium-sized companies from implementing new solutions. With this in mind, we provide companies with the possibility of low-cost testing of the technology, using both the Association's personal resources and the space of the Robotics Laboratory at GPNT. Acting quickly and agile, providing customers with prototypes in a very short time, we convince about the advantages of modern solutions, as well as show that experimenting with technology can be cheap and should be a natural element of their business.




Digital transformation roadmap. The final stage of the transformation path is the preparation of a complementary plan to implement changes in the organization. This is the stage at which SKALP representatives work with commercial technology suppliers and the client, gradually “handing over” the client ready for full-scale implementation. Only at this stage, the company is aware of the need for change, has mapped key areas that require improvement and has the necessary internal knowledge to ensure the success of the entire transformation process.


 
Contact Person(s): Dyrda Mateusz
Phone: +48795386973
Email: info@srskalp.pl
Location: Ul. trzy lipy 3, 80-172 Gdańsk, Poland
Type: DIH
Website: https://srskalp.pl/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Robotics place
Title: Robotics place
Country: France
Description: Robotics Place is a cluster including private companies, universities and private high-school and research centers. There are 82 members in Occitanie and we are Founding Member of the French Robotic Clusters Federation
Contact Person(s): Roussel Philippe
Phone: +33 6 8802 0350
Email: philippe.roussel@robotics-place.com
Location: 12 rue louis courtois de vicose, Toulouse, France
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.robotics-place.com/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: S4AI_HUB
Title: Serbian European Digital Innovation Hub on AI
Country: Serbia
Description: Regional socio-economic inequalities have worsened over the past two decades in Serbia and are now among the highest in Europe. Substantial barriers to SME development prevented the less developed regions from mobilising the power of domestic entrepreneurship to challenge incumbent firms which benefitted from their locational advantage in Belgrade and other northern districts. With the transition to a knowledge economy based on digital agenda, Belgrade and Vojvodina benefitted from the high concentration of high technology employment, R&D and research personnel. This gave a further push to regional divergence. To overcome the renewed growth of regional inequalities generated by the structural shifts to the knowledge economy and the digital businesses that are fast emerging, a S4AI_HUB brings better distributed version of the knowledge economy in which the benefits of the digital transformation to the less developed regions of Serbia is going to be spread.
These regions in Serbia need to enhance the uptake of AI in its key priorities defined by RIS3 and participate in the European ecosystem of excellence and trust.
 
Therefore, it is essential to use and transfer the knowledge from cutting-edge research into business practice, support digitalisation in companies, especially SMEs, delivering innovation from startups and university to value chain and closely related issues of the qualified and retrained workforce. These regions in Serbia can build on its industrial and entrepreneurial tradition and the high technological intelligence of the population in this respect. It is why a highly diversified consortium consisted from 7 partners from BSOs, R&D, and the private sector, along with 13 Associated Partners (national level institutions, regional innovation centres, R&D, and academia) was established. This consortium will provide essential support to SMEs and public institutions in their digital transformation targeting at least 300 SMEs and public institutions.
Contact Person(s): Ivan Pavlovic
Phone: +381 668821002
Email: ivan.pavlovic@ntp.rs
Location: Aleksandra Medvedeva 2A, 18000 Nis, Serbia
Type: EDIH
Website: http://s4ai.rs/
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (very high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (high involvement), Consumer products (high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (moderate involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Logistics (very high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (moderate involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Santaka Digital Innovation HUB
Title: Santaka Digital Innovation HUB
Country: Lithuania
Description: One of the main national initiatives for digitizing industry that Santaka DIH activities are part of is Lithuanian Industry 4.0 platform (2016 – ongoing).The aim of the initiative is to create a sustainable debate platform, to review the Lithuanian strategy for industry development, to propose an improvement to Lithuanian smart specialization strategy and programs for its implementation and to promote Industry 4.0 concept through various dissemination activities. DIH members are contributing to established working groups. Funding: public-private partnership. The activities of "Skaitmeninių inovacijų centras" are non-profit.
Lithuanian Government has identified 7 RIS3 main objectives to follow. SANTANA DIH align the activities with 6 out of 7 priorities. The RIS3 strategies that Santaka DIH is aligned with are as follows (ref.  http://sumani2020.lt/en/)
Santaka digital innovation hub together with the members and partners provides the full scope of activities and a roadmap for the local companies to improve and be more competitive in nowadays economy.
Santaka digital innovation hub supports the local SME’s in various ways, but those are few to mention:
Promotes digital transformation by providing relevant information for SME’s:
· SMEs are particularly slow in integrating digital technologies so our experts brings their competence analysing SME’s and providing them with benefits and possibilities digitally transforming their businesses;
Helping and consulting companies and public sector helping to identify the opportunities for digital transformation:
· there are strong differences in the level of digitalisation across the different sectors and SMEs in different regions in Lithuania and Baltic States. Our experts bring their competence helping find digitalisation synergy between different sectors and companies, integrating their business and manufacturing processes.
Audits the existing processes and production lines:
· certified auditors and engineering experts accordingly to approved methodology assess level of digital integrations and readiness of SMEs and gives feedback on places to make improvements;
Provides strategies on how to improve and digitalize:
· accordingly to evaluation and audit reports we provide roadmaps for digital improving and automatization, robotisation and artificial intelligence integration;
Consults on the processes of development:
· SMEs, startups and mid-caps can get access to technology-testing, financing advice, market intelligence and networking opportunities.
Consults on funding opportunities within EU programs or private investors:
· all digitalisation is impossible without EU grants, private investments and capital raise – our dedicated experts educate, prepare and consult companies on acquiring needed financial resources.
Provides opportunity to participate in various programs by helping to write and submit the projects, administering them, look for a potential partner:
· highly skilled business practitioners in Santaka DIH help SMEs’ teams to find local and regional partners, establish long-lasting relationships jointly participating in various programs, encourages joint projects and bring their skills in efficiently executing projects.
Contact Person(s): Radisauskiene Egle
Phone: +37061470595
Email: Egle@santaka.eu
Location: Savanorių pr. 221, Kaunas, Lithuania
Type: DIH
Website: https://dih.santaka.eu/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: SCDI proposal
Title: Slovak Centre of Digital Innovations
Country: Slovakia
Description: The Slovak Centre for Digital Innovations EDIH is best positioned to support the ambitions of the Digital Europe Programme 2021-2027, designed to ensure that Europe embraces the digital transformation of the economy and society. ur EDIH, the Slovak Center for Digital Innovations was founded by industry associations. We managed to achieve unique situation. Representatives of key industries, engineering, chemistry, IT, electrical engineering, pulp and paper, have agreed on the need to have an EDIH that will provide what they really need. We know the needs of companies and we will put them first. Most important public research institutions in Slovakia have agreed with this approach and become our partners. Our experts come from the most important technical research institutions, the Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava and the Slovak Academy of Sciences. We have access to more than 100 IT companies associated in the IT Association of Slovakia and 25 industrial research organizations associated in the Association of Industrial R&D Organizations. Some of them decided to participate on SCDI activities as the Affiliated Entities We have partners specialized in cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, digital skills development and innovations management. We see digitization as a tool to meet the transformation goals of companies. The result will be savings, higher productivity, business growth, meeting environmental goals and employment in better-ranked positions.mart processes and technologies are in the very center of our attention. We bring added value to the “digitization as usual” areas of embedded systems and the Internet of Things as well as in in the field of artificial intelligence, advanced data analysis and high-performance computing. We want to do the digital transformation correctly. This means responsibly from an environmental point of view as well as from a perspective of a workforce that may be at risk.
Contact Person(s): Emil Fitos
Phone: +421 903 534 229
Email: emil.fitos@scdi.tech
Location: Mlynské nivy 18890/5, 821 09 Bratislava, Slovakia
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://www.scdi.tech/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (very high involvement), Paper and wood (very high involvement), Polymers and plastics (very high involvement), wholesale or distribution (moderate involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Security (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (moderate involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), products) (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), optoelectronics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
