NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: Data-EDIH
Title: Hungarian DATA EDIH
Country: Hungary
Description: The Hungarian DATA EDIH will actively facilitate the digital transformation of the SMEs, small mid-caps, and public sector organisations in Hungary, with a general focus on data-related services and industrial focus on the health industry.
The DATA EDIH consortium represents high academic and practical technical/business development competence, wide domestic and international network and mature EU grant and PM experience. The most challenging DESI dimensions for Hungary remain the Integration of digital technology and digital public services, where attitude, mindset and competence obstacles occur besides financial ones. DATA EDIH will provide trainings, technical and financial services on both catching up and advanced levels.
The activity of DATA EDIH will be built on existing elements of innovation ecosystem, so the interconnectivity and coordination of the system elements with the other EDIHs in Hungary creates a mature and cost-effective status to implement the planned project.
Contact Person(s): Péter Szabó
Phone: +36 30 431 0472
Email: szabo.peter@neum.hu
Location: Budapest, Rákóczi út 70-72. 6. em., 1074, Hungary
Type: EDIH
Website: https://adatedih.hu
Active Sectors: Health care (very high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Big data (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DATAlife
Title: DATAlife
Country: Spain
Description: DATAlife is theDIH devoted to implementing artificial intelligence, big data and the technologies related, to the value chains of biotech, health, agrifood, sea-based industries and forestry.
DATAlife is organized under a scheme of Non-Profit organization, founded in October 2019
The solutions to the massive economic and social challenges the world faces are often found in the crossroad of different sectors like primarysector, industry and services, plus the deployment of disruptive technologies (Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing, Internet of Things, and so on) and the involvement of the whole society, especially the triple-helix: Academia - Industry - Government.
This kind of challenges that appliesglobally is alsoclearly identified in European regions like Galicia, with a share of its economy focused on the primary sector, which has few leftchances to remain competitive in the international market arena. It is known,without a doubt, that this competitiveness increase will come through theimplementation of digital technologies.
In this process of uptake of digital technologies, artificial intelligence and data analytics appear as disruptive tools to boost companies´competitiveness, with a remarkable capability of impact in the quality of life and social wellbeing.
On the other hand, Galicia counts withinternationally-renowned scientific production in various fields such as biotechnology, healthcare, and smart technologies due to a vibrant University scene.
In this context, DATAlife has the vision of transforming Galicia into a leader European Bioregion, by the creation of a network of knowledge, infrastructure and technology. This network spins around the application of artificial intelligence, data analytics, internet of things, high-performance computing and cybersecurity to bioeconomy, sustainability and health.
To achieve this goal, DATAlife deploys a strategic plan made out of the following set of actions:

Catalogue of services. Based on the identified needs of every value chain plus the knowledge of DATAlife´s partners (industry clusters and RTOs with a long track record of servingthe ecosystem), a catalogue of services is defined with several initiatives alreadyidentified

DATAbeta: a set of services with a focus on collaborative development and enabling technologies that allow DATAlife to permanent validate its catalogue aligning it with the needs of the SMEs.
DATAchallenge: Program of Technological Challenges for each value chain.
DATAmarket: marketplace for visualization of technologies and services available in the region within the technological scope of DATAlife. This tool is also a facilitator ofmatches, boosting the integration of the ecosystem.
DATAopen: a program to create aLife Science DATA Platform for extraction, analysis and leverage of data with the scope of DATAlife´s value chains.
DATAlife´s catalogue of services is always under analysis and validation to assure its alignment with Galician SMEs´ needs. This way, DATAlife will include services for test-before-invest, shared labs and infrastructures and technology acquisition when needed.


Communication activity. The actions deployed under the communication plan serve as dissemination of DATAlife´s activity but also as a raising-awareness service to promote the digitalization within the ecosystem to assure that every single stakeholder of the community understands the advantages that digital transformation brings.
Network effect. DATAlife´s partners have a unique and strong international network in their respective activity areas, due to their prolonged presence in the international project arena. DATAlife acts as a connector between Galicia and the Galician ecosystem, providing the possibility to be part of international joint projects.
Contact Person(s): Díaz Lucía Castro
Phone: +34604085297‬
Email: info@dihdatalife.com
Location: Edif. feuga, r/ lope gómez de marzoa s/n, Santiago de compostela, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: http://dihdatalife.com/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DATAlife
Title: Digital Innovation Hub for the deployment of Artificial Intelligence and Data Analytics in SMEs in the primary, biotechnological and health sectors
Country: Spain
Description: DATAlife is designed considering Galicia’s future potential and challenges, current R&D capabilities and traditional strengths. Rich in natural resources, Galicia has the opportunity to manage them in a smart manner, that ensures their sustainability, a healthy environment and business models that add value to those working in rural areas. With one on the longest life expectancies in the world, it must step up to offer quality of life to its ageing population, with better medicines and care services, exploiting innovations based on combining complex information and advanced analytical models. With the common aim of accelerating digital transformation, universities, technological & competence sectors, sectoral clusters and large companies will work together, creating a fair, green and healthy economy fit for the age of information. A high-quality digital revolution will be centred in the persons, the environment they live in and their wellbeing. This will be achieved by increasing AI uptake in SMEs and public administration with easy-to-use applications; creating collaborative, federated data spaces; unburdening workers by automatically retrieve data with IoT; remaining competitive by HPC usage and securing sensitive data with the latest European cybersecurity applications.
Contact Person(s): Lucía Castro Díaz
Phone: +34617220093
Email: gerencia@dihdatalife.com
Location: Lope Gómez de Marzoa, 15705 Santiago de compostela A Coruña, Spain
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (high involvement), Fishery (very high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Paper and wood (very high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (low involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (low involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DEDIHCATED BFC
Title: DEvelop Digital Innovation Hub to Create and Accompany new Trends in European inDustries in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Country: France
Description: DEDIHCATED BFC is the EDIH for the Burgundy-Franche-Comté region (BFC). The BFC region is the leading French region in terms of industrial employment with strong specificities: automotive, transport and mobility, mechanics, mechatronics, plastics, agri-food, and energy. Despite a high-quality regional digital offer and skills, industrial SMEs are far from digitalization, due to fragmentation between the different regional structures and programmes, not very structured and organised links between digital and application market players, and lack of availability of skills in these areas.
The project create a one-stop-shop hub for industrial companies for their digital transition by offering them support and new services at reduced prices. DEDIHCATED BFC propose an innovative and added value approach based on the delivery of services in the form of an integrated pathway. Three thematic journeys have been designed in line with the industrial needs and a cybersecurity package :
1) From data to Artificial Intelligence for company management;
2) Digitalisation of business processes and production to the digital twin ;
3) Business skills training.
In addition to these advances services, and in view to meet the needs of SMEs far from the digitalisation, entry-level services (awareness, DMA, and basic services) will serve at entry-point of the hub.
Bringing together 13 partners, DEDIHCATED BFC ensure both a good access to the industrial SMEs in all the targeted sectors and in all the geographical areas; and a technological expertise and infrastructures to deliver the services. 
Contact Person(s): Noémie Dieumegard
Phone: +33613094054
Email: nd@vehiculedufutur.com
Location: rue Armand Japy 15, 25460 Etupes, France
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.vehiculedufutur.com/fr/dedihcated.html
Active Sectors: Automotive (very high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Polymers and plastics (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Education (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Finance (very high involvement), Circular economy (low involvement), Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Defence4Tech Hub
Title: Defence Innovation Hub for Technology Transfer
Country: Portugal
Description: The defence economy plays an important role in economic development: it encompasses a large variety of sectors; its products display a high technological content; most of its solutions are dual-use, as they can be applied both in the military and civilian realms. Therefore, the defence economy has a cross-cutting and significant impact on the digitalization of the economy and the society.
Defence4Tech (D4T) gathers a public agency, a cluster manager, universities and research centres, and the armed forces research centres to promote the digitalization of the defence economy, in particular SMEs, which are at the core of the Portuguese economy.
D4T will have as its centerpiece a platform that will be a showcase for the services provided, and for the training activities offer. It will also work as a matchmaking tool and a hub for the dissemination of relevant information.
Several other activities will be implemented to enlarge the scope of potential beneficiaries.
Test before invest activities will be integrated in a broader line of services to support digital products development. This includes support to product specification, product development, simulation and validation, prototyping and operational experimentation and testing in real environment.
Promoting skills and training will also be a relevant activity, as the consortium integrates two engineering universities and other entities with experience in providing specialized training in digital skills.
Activities to promote innovation in the ecosystem and networking but also to support investment finding are part of the mission of the public agency and the cluster manager that integrate the consortium.
D4T activities are in line with other national, European and NATO policies. Several MoU with other EDIH that provide a high complementarity were established and partnerships with other entities will be developed.
Contact Person(s): Pedro Rodrigues
Phone: +351 215885020
Email: defence4tech@iddportugal.pt
Location: Estrada da luz, 153, 1600-153 Lisbon, Portugal
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DI4 LITHUANIAN ID
Title: Digital Innovation For Lithuanian Industrial Development
Country: Lithuania
Description: Industry need driven European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) of Central and Western Lithuania consists of 14 partners operating throughout Lithuania and representing different areas of competence and experience.We are operating in 5 sectors: Manufacturing, Public Sector, Healthcare & Biotechnologies, ICT and Fintech.Our key competences are Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Cybersecurity (CS) in the fields of ​Big data, Automated BMS & WMS, Smart Sensors, ​Robotics, I​oT/IoIT, ​Automation, ​VR/AR, Automatic reporting.​
Aim: a) growth of major digital areas fostered by the EC; b)  high level of digital skills and widespread use of digital technologies; c)competitiveness of business models and processes at industries and Public bodies.
Mission: To be the one-stop shop that enables effective digitalisation in Manufacturing, Public Administration and emerging sectors.
Vision: To raise Lithuania to catch up as a digitalisation leader within Baltic regions.
Project goals: a) deliver innovation consulting and support services; b) contribute to global competitiveness of Lithuania innovation ecosystem.
Tasks:

Increase Lithuania’s competitiveness, productivity, investments in higher value-added products and to promote integration of digital solutions and new technologies.
Encourage cooperation between stakeholders at industrial digitalisation/infrastructure development.
Help anticipate change and adapt to future needs.
Promote digitalisation of the region and society.
Strengthen digital skills in public/private sectors.

Services:

Test Before Invest: customers to obtain reliable expected results for their digitalisation ventures
Ecosystem building and networking: operative liaisons through competitive Competence Centers
Support to find investment: guide users to simple, efficient and realistic paths for opting to funding schemes
Skills and training: practical knowledge at digitalisation, technology and global business Adaptation

 
Contact Person(s): Mindaugas Bulota
Phone: +37067617796
Email: mindaugas.bulota@ktu.lt
Location: K.Donelaicio g. 73, 44029 Kaunas, Lithuania
Type: EDIH
Website: https://di4lithuanianid.com/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement), Financial (high involvement)
Provided Services: Prototyping (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), Technology transfer (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), SME support (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIBI
Title: Digital Innovation for Bavarian Industry
Country: Germany
Description: DIBI focuses on the digitalization of the manufacturing industry as one of the most important economic sectors in Bavaria - despite progressive structural change. Its share amounts to more than 30% of GNP and it strongly affects other sectors. About 87% of the companies here are SMEs. They face severe transformation challenges due to digitalization, decarbonization, decrease of combustion drives, energy shortage, shortage of skilled staff and increase of costs. A second focus of the DIBI consortium lies on digital transformation of public authorities which still lack behind and hinder sustainable and citizen-friendly operations. Thus, DIBI aims to support manu-facturing-oriented companies (SMEs and small mid-caps), start-ups, and public organizations in Bavaria by stimulating, enabling, and accelerating digital innovations and therefore foster competitiveness and sustaina-ble solutions. The eight partners of EDIH DIBI consortium located in North, West and South of Bavaria are close to the customers in whole Bavaria. DIBI provides a portfolio of 100+ client services distributed over four cus-tomer-centric work packages and focusing on Analytics and AI, Digital powered Manufacturing and Cyber Re-silience. Already 64 services of them are available at project start and can be provided to other EDIHs on de-mand. Every service type is specified in a detailed price list (annex 1). Strong synergies will be leveraged by a structured collaboration with EEN Bavaria2Europe, also coordinated by BI. Pre-existing collaborations with a significant number of (E)DIHs have already established European corridors which can be built upon. KPIs are set to indicate the progress in numbers of served clients with basic/advanced services, while qualitative excel-lence will be monitored continuously. We expect significant long-term impact on the competitiveness of our target customers by providing knowledge transfer and skills development as well as test-based decisions for investments.
Contact Person(s): Dominik Rother
Phone: +49 162 1369-919
Email: edih@bayern-innovativ.de
Location: Am Tullnaupark 8, 90402 Nürnberg, Germany
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: http://www.edih-dibi.com
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Textiles (moderate involvement), Polymers and plastics (low involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Field trial (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Robotics (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIG-4K
Title: Innovation and Training Park (ITP)
Country: Kosovo
Description: The Digital Innovation Gateway for Kosovo (DIG-4K) project seeks to harness and foster digital transformation in Kosovo, a country at the Balkan crossroads facing unique socio-economic challenges and opportunities. 
The initiative is led by the Innovation and Training Park in Prizren (ITP) and aims to establish Kosovo as a hub for digital innovation and training. The project's objectives revolve around empowering local businesses, educational institutions, civil society organizations, and public stakeholders, thereby creating an ecosystem that supports entrepreneurial success and drives digital innovation at local, national, and regional levels. 
DIG-4K targets a wide range of groups including MSMEs, startups, industry associations, technology firms, public sector entities, educational institutions, CSOs, and rural communities. It aims to cater to the needs of Kosovo's diverse population, which is about 1.78 million, focusing on enhancing digital skills, supporting entrepreneurship, and promoting digital technology adoption across various sectors such as e-commerce, fintech, healthcare, education, and agriculture.
Contact Person(s): Besmir Krasniqi
Phone: +38349737375
Email: besmir.krasniqi@itp-prizren.com
Location: Uke Bytyqi, 20000 Prizren, Kosovo
Type: EDIH
Website: https://itp-prizren.com/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Software Architectures (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIGI2Health
Title: DIGI2Health
Country: Czechia
Description: DIGI2Health is a collaborative project established to address the need for systemic changes in healthcare both within and outside the Czech Republic. It also aims to provide technical and knowledge support for innovations in healthcare. Its core founding members are Palacký University Olomouc, Faculty Hospital Olomouc and Olomouc Region Innovation Center. Recently, the project was relocated to a separate facility because we firmly believe that a crucial aspect of innovation is in-person interaction and ideation. This new facility, Envelopa Hub, now serves as the home not only for project partners but also for innovative companies and student organizations. It provides a dedicated co-working space and experimental laboratories that align with the mission and vision of the project. The project follows the structure of digital innovation hubs defined by the European Commission and is listed in the DIH catalogue. In addition to the main partners of the Digi2Health innovation hub described in detail above, it is worth noting that the hub heavily relies on its other members and collaborating partners. These entities provide us with insights and access, including but not limited to private healthcare, such as Agel - a leading private healthcare provider in Central Europe (https://eu.agel.cz/index.html), and specialized organizations like the Alliance for Telemedicine (https://www.atdz.cz/poslani-a-cile), which brings together key stakeholders in the fields of telemedicine and the digitalization of health and social services. Laboratory of DIGI2Health can offer to SMEs experimental laboratory for devices used in healthcare. For example simulating patient movement in surgeries through technology Wi-Fi kit for indoor UWB signal monitoring, climate chamber for testing electronic devices or electroimpedancy tomograph with 16 chanells. More information you can find on website: www.digi2health.com.
Contact Person(s): Jakub Havlín
Phone: +420 734 236 488
Email: jakub.havlin@upol.cz
Location: 17. listopadu 8a, 77900 Olomouc, Czechia
Type: DIH
Website: https://digi2health.com/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (low involvement), Community-Led Local Development (low involvement), Cultural and creative economy (low involvement), Education (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), Smart City (low involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Communication network (high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (low involvement), optoelectronics (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DigiAgriFood
Title: Digital Transformation and Green Transition of the Agri-Food Value Chain in Central and Northern Greece
Country: Greece
Description: The Agri-Food sector is vital for regional GDP and for maintaining employment in Central and Northern Greece. However, it is severely lacking in digital maturity and capacity, competitiveness and access to disruptive technologies. #DigiAgriFood EDIH aims to empower the digital and green transformation of the entire spectrum of the Agri-Food value chain with immediate benefits for citizens, SMEs and public sector. It specializes in Artificial Intelligence technologies, Advanced Digital Skills, High Performance Computing and Digital Transformation and Interoperability and contributes directly to the missions and objectives of the "Digital Europe 2021-2027" program. It will help bring human-centred AI-solutions and unleash the powers of digital technologies to reach Europe’s common climate and environmental goals as set out in the European Green Deal, including being climate neutral by 2050, as well as strengthen the resilience of Europe’s industry and increase its open strategic autonomy. In total, five one-stop-shops and ten antennas/spots are planned to be fully operational covering the whole EDIH’s geographical area to ensure direct interaction with the target groups. #DigiAgriFood EDIH’s key objective is to exploit its complementary expertise at specific stages in the project cycle to achieve full synergy effect between partners. Consortium members apart from senior experts in their field and professors of the highest rank will also contribute with significant scientific infrastructure. The complementarity of the partners’ skills guarantees the balanced distribution of the workload and the establishment of strong cooperation. The management approach guarantees transparency and commitment to all partners and facilitates the successful execution of the project. #DigiAgriFood EDIH will strengthen and maximize the existing innovation ecosystem in all five Regions and has already explored collaborations with other EDIHs across the EU to create effective Corridors.
Contact Person(s): MARIA MICHALOPOULOU
Phone: (+30)2541079448
Email: maria.michalo@gmail.com
Location: 12 Vasilissis Sofias, 67100 Xanthi, Greece
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Education (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Food and beverages (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Finance (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (moderate involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: High performance computing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DigiCenterNS
Title: DigiCenterNS
Country: Finland
Description: DigiCenterNS supports Pohjois-Savo region companies in their digital transformation journeys by providing services that improve digital skills, foster technology testing and increase networking of companies.
Our Digital Innovation Hub, DigiCenter North Savo, operates at Pohjois-Savo region and helps local companies, mainly small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs), in their digitalization development problems focusing on the Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and digital services.
The focus areas of Pohjois-Savo region are Digitalisation, ICT in Manufacturing and Energy Technology and Digital transformation in Health industry. Companies in the area are struggling with following topics: digitizing the services, understanding business opportunities of digitalisation while creating strategies, digital marketing, and e-commerce, use of online customer service tools and more specific: AI, Internet of Things and robotics, utilizing digital communication channels, learning human behaviour in the context of digitalisation, programming, and information security.
Services:

Technology & Knowledge Transfer Services aim at enhancing the transfer of digital technologies and digital knowhow in Pohjois-Savo region and increase the digitalization-related networking. These services shall strengthen the local research and innovation capacities.
R&D&I Services aim at provide Pohjois-Savo region companies with up-to-date information on features, opportunities and limitation of new digital technologies. Additionally, the goal of DigiCenterNS is to identify and build digital innovation platforms that companies may have access by request.
Funding and Project Preparation Services aim at increasing funding (regional, national, international) applied in Pohjois-Savo region by coaching, supporting and networking companies in the context of digitalization funding

Currently our DigiCenterNS operates with non-profit status and DigiCenterNS coordinators are non-profit organizations.
Contact Person(s): Happonen Aki
Phone: +358447856033
Email: aki.happonen@savonia.fi
Location: Microkatu 1, kuopio, Kuopio, Finland
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.digicenterns.fi/en/home/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIGIHALL
Title: DIGIHALL, The Paris Region Hub supporting the digital transformation of companies by practical adoption of responsible AI
Country: France
Description: DIGIHALL is the project supporting the EDIH Paris-Saclay, one of the reference hub in the Ile-de-France. Located on the Paris-Saclay plateau in the south West of Paris, the eDIH Paris-Saclay supports start-ups, SMEs, industries and organizations from the public sector in their digital transformation. The eDIH Paris-Saclay relies on its ecosystem to address major digital and ecological transformation issues of five sectors: aerospace, mobility, digital and security, food industry, health and energy. These sectors are chosen for their importance in the region, and are at the heart of the region's smart specialisation strategy. Taking into account the structure of the regional enterprise ecosystem, we estimate that a possible number of eDIH Paris-Saclay customers consists of 2,300 companies with a diverse distribution in these sectors. Based on its partner's expertise the eDIH will deliver to its clients practical and efficient support ot take up artificial intelligence (AI) technologies, in Cybersecurity and in using HPC. We expect to deliver approximately 800 different services to SMEs. These services are described in the eDIH catalogue. The catalogue covers four components: skills and training, test before invest, innovation ecosystem and networking and support to find investments. The proposed services will be free of charge for customers. The services will be offered by DIGIHALL consortium coordinated by CEA/List and composed of six other leading partners in innovation and over ten network partners, not part of the consortium but able to deliver services to industries. The activities of the DIGIHALL project are organized in eight work packages. We pay specific attention to engagement of SMEs and to the analysis of the impact of the services delivered. DIGIHALL will offer its services to the other EDIHs in France and in Europe in particular with the EDIHs from EDIH4MANU network. DIGIHALL to be a catalyst of the digital transformation of SMEs, thus strengthening their resilience and ensuring their competitiveness in the face of strong international competition and crisis situations.
Contact Person(s): Christophe LEROUX
Phone: +33 1 69 08 11 00
Email: christophe.leroux@cea.fr
Location: 2 Bd Thomas Gobert, 91120 Palaiseau, France
Type: EDIH
Website: https://edih-paris-saclay.eu/
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (very high involvement), Space (very high involvement), Defence (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Nuclear (very high involvement), Transport sector (very high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Paper and wood (very high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement), Electricity (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), wholesale or distribution (very high involvement), Security (high involvement), Textiles (high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DigiHealthPT
Title: Digital Health Portugal - From Portugal to the Digital World
Country: Portugal
Description: DigiHealthPT is dedicated to support the digital transformation in the Health sector, namely on the SmartHealth segment, which includes the application of wide-spectrum of technologies for improved cost-effectiveness and health provision. With a broad national coverage (Portugal) and a European scope, DigiHealthPT focuses on the application of Artificial intelligence and Cybersecurity in Health to respond to the emerging needs of startups and SMEs, supporting innovation and digital transition, and of the public sector, promoting the adoption and use of digital solutions. The hub is also devoted to empowering the population and health professionals in the digital transformation process by fostering digital and health literacy. Grounded in a coherent, multidisciplinary and agile structure and with the complementary competences from 30+ partners – universities, research institutes, technology centres, hospitals – the 7 consortium members - Health Cluster Portugal, EIT Health, Fraunhofer Portugal AICOS, Glintt, IPN – Automatics Lab, Value4Health Colab and IPN-Incubadora – are committed to jointly uphold the modernization of the health sector. By capitalising their involvement in national and international networks and previous experience in the setup of DIHs and in the provision of services, DigiHealthPT members will support the digital innovation strategy for Health, in line with major trends (e.g. tech-enabled healthcare, open innovation, data-driven prediction, patient 2.0, value-based healthcare) and with the European policy objectives and strategy. The hub will provide a unique portfolio of either on demand customized services or call-based programmes in 4 major application areas: Access to Experimentation and Testing, Training, Support to Find Investment, and Innovation Ecosystem Building and Networking, to accelerate innovation and create new products and services that can ultimately benefit the national health systems and the citizens.
Contact Person(s): Patrícia Patrício
Phone: +351912318566
Email: ppatricio@healthportugal.com
Location: Lionesa Business Hub, Rua da Lionesa 446 Loja K, 4465-671 Leça do Balio, Portugal
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Field trial (moderate involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: digihub.li
Title: digihub.li – Ecosystem innovation and growth with a regenerative purpose
Country: Liechtenstein
Description: OUR PURPOSE
«We make Liechtenstein a lighthouse for positive digital transformation that connects humans through trust, transparency, and purpose-driven action.»
OUR VISION
digihub.li is a European Digital Innovation Hub in the legal form of a Liechtenstein Venture Cooperative (LVC), focused on establishing digital ecosystems for cocreation and collaboration in the token economy.We accelerate digital innovation in Liechtenstein by bringing together SMEs and the public sector in co-creation spaces to jointly tap the potential for viable business models across organizations. Communication on equal terms plays an essential role in this.Building on the forward-looking blockchain legislation in Liechtenstein, we have already invested locally in the necessary Web3 technologies and algorithms for meaningful work to provide immediate relevant offerings to SMEs and the public sector. For us, digitalization and sustainability go hand in hand.We strive for the overall goal to maintain and expand wealth and prosperity as well as attractive workplaces in Liechtenstein by leveraging digital and green transformation.
WHAT WE OFFER
DIGITAL ECOSYSTEMS
Establishing purposeful digital ecosystems, based on the needs of SMEs and the public sector in Liechtenstein
Positive digital change enables both quantitative and qualitative growth. In the future, this will be generated primarily through innovation in digital ecosystems. In these, SMEs and the public sector come together to jointly develop thematic solutions for customers. Blockchain technologies are key enablers in this regard, for example in the areas of construction or the Internet of Things (IoT). Step by step, we are bringing SMEs – from solopreneurs to larger manufacturing companies – together with public sector teams in Liechtenstein in our digital collaboration ecosystem to ensure future growth and prosperity for the country. In addition to monthly dialog formats, we are planning larger events such as a Digihub Hack Day and a Digital Innovation Day for the entire country.
SKILLS FOR DIGITAL INNOVATION
Providing the skills for and of SMEs and public sector employees to thrive in digitalization, and to facilitate the knowledge exchange between the EU and Liechtenstein
Our analysis has shown that advanced skills are associated with greater confidence in digital and sustainable transformation. We focus on providing SMEs and public sector teams with access to the best training from the European EDIH network and offer our own training courses focused on meaningful work, communication and blockchain technologies. In addition, we act as a multiplier and disseminate the use of digital competences and resources built under the Digital Europe program.
COACHING FOR POSITIVE TRANSITION
Practical, task-based coaching to enable trusted, impact-driven collaboration on complex challenges, connecting digital, sustainable and personal transformation
We work with leaders and employees to accompany their personal development from «competing against each other» to «co-creating solutions». This shift in the approach to collaboration is a prerequisite for successful work in ecosystems.We invite representatives of SMEs and the public sector in Liechtenstein to participate in our coaching program and open formats such as the «Communication Café», that enable a change of perspective and mind-opening moments in collaboration.
INNOVATION NETWORK
Hosting innovation spaces for start-ups, SMEs and investors to jointly promote and develop viable digital business models
We build and maintain structured long-term relationships with relevant local actors beyond SMEs and the public sector, including impact investors such as foundations, family offices or business angels. Also, we work together with the national authorities, chambers of commerce and industry as well as the banking association and other associations and federations. By matching innovative business models with potential investors, we contribute to the goal of the Liechtenstein government to innovate business models and attract financing for implementation projects.
Contact Person(s): Géraldine D'Atria
Phone: +4237971686
Email: geraldine@digihub.li
Location: Schimmelgasse 12, 9490 Vaduz, Liechtenstein
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.digihub.li/
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (very high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DiGiNN
Title: Cyprus DIGital INNovation Hub
Country: Cyprus
Description: DiGiNN will introduce a new level of support toward the digital transformation of Cyprus, as the country needs urgent action to address its digital maturity levels. DiGiNN aspires to become a one-stop-shop for all companies and public sector organisations, providing them an end-to-end experience in their digitisation journey; from coaching and mentoring by reputable experts, access to the most advanced infrastructure and facilities, support to find investments, to networking and access to innovation ecosystems. To achieve this, we gather the local champions in digital technologies, including all relevant Centres of Excellence, and partner them with both National industrial representation bodies and sectoral associations, thus establishing the direct interface between state-of-the-art offer and broad demand. Blending in are the most active incubators, whose mission is to nurture innovative start-ups in the early stages of commercialisation and support them in terms of upskilling, networking and accessing funds for further development. Finally, DiGiNN will orchestrate a number of groups and clusters, introducing representatives of the quintuple helix to ensure that our motto “Leaving no one behind” drives our activities throughout the project and creates the conditions for sustainable digital development of the local ecosystem. Furthermore, DiGiNN takes it one step further than just being an excellent service provider and facilitator; High in our agenda is to develop a “Digital culture” among the National economy actors, by creating the appropriate ecosystem and developing working relations between the country’s economic actors and the experts who can enable the digital transformation of private (SMEs) and the public sectors in Cyprus and Europe. This will not only drive demand, but ensure that the ecosystem continues to operate and develop once the EC and local funding is no longer available at the end of the 3+4 year period.
Contact Person(s): Vassilis Tsakalos
Phone: +35722208637
Email: v.tsakalos@cyi.ac.cy
Location: Constantinou Kavafi 20, 2121 Nicosia, Cyprus
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.diginn.eu/
Active Sectors: Cultural and creative economy (high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIGIS3
Title: Smart, Sustainable and coheSive Digitalization conceived as a Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Spain
Description: DIGIS3 is an EDIH promoted by the Regional Government of Castile and León as part of its objective for a digital and green transition of the regional economy, which is highly industrial, and where 99% of SMEs predominates over large enterprises. The objective of DIGIS3 is to ensure the smart, sustainable, and cohesive digital and green transformation of SMEs and public sector organisations (PSOs) in Castile and León. DIGIS3 is focused on cohesion, through comprehensive support to users, facilitating their access to specialised technical knowledge and experimentation environments. It will act as a digital one-stop shop service whose central core of knowledge and training is structured around Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence, High Performance Computing, and Advanced Digital Skills (IoT, 5G, additive manufacturing…). This accompaniment will be carried out through appropriate digitalisation itineraries, in accordance with the users' level of digital maturity, and considering the specific needs of the sector and the geographical environment for the capillarisation of the EDIH services. DIGIS3 is a strategic alliance that combines 6 major complimentary players in the region: ICE, as the PSO in charge of public investments, funding, and internationalisation of regional SMEs, with presence in all the provinces; IoTDIH, DIHBU and DIHLEAF, 3 fully operational DIHs, together with 13 affiliated entities; SCAYLE, as the regional centre for HPC; and ULe, as a reference competence centre in advanced digital skills. In this sense, relevant industry organisations, all the public Universities, and most of the technological centres of the Region are part of DIGIS3. DIGIS3 will boost the digital and green transformation of more than 1400 regional SMEs and PSOs in the next 3 years that will receive high added-value services, together with the collaboration of an extensive network of more than 50 EDIHs and organisations that are already supporting the proposal.
Contact Person(s): Ricardo Serafín Alonso Rincón
Phone: 34 670656971
Email: projects@air-institute.com
Location: Avenida Santiado Madrigal 39, 37003 Salamanca Salamanca, Spain
Type: EDIH
Website: https://digis3.eu/en
Active Sectors: Smart City (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (high involvement), Education (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIGI-SI
Title: DIGITAL EMERGENCY RESPONCE FOR SLOVENIA
Country: Slovenia
Description: DIGI-SI will foster the digital transformation of Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs), start-ups, scale-ups and Public Administration in four strategic priority areas identified in the forthcoming Slovenian smart specialisation strategy: Agri-food, Health, Tourism and Manufacturing. 
DIGI-SI has access to crucial infrastructure and highly skilled personnel central to foster the digital revolution in both NUTS2 regions of Slovenia and in Europe. The consortium consisting of seven partners with proven complementary expertise in digital transformation support, will take advantage of the existing resources and provide a single point of contact in all four priority areas of Digital Europe Programme: Artificial Intelligence, High Performance Computing, Cyber Security and Advanced Digital Skills. DIGI-SI also offers technology services within Robotics, Internet of Things, Big data, Blockchain and Augmented / Virtual reality. 

DIGI-SI will deliver 70 services on entry, basic, and advanced levels and offer collaboration opportunities to Slovenian ICT players to become external digital technology/service providers providing complementary services to local and EU companies through the DIGI-SI online shop enabling matchmaking in demand and supply of digital resources. The modus operandi of DIGI-SI is to offer services and facilitate client journey throughout the circular value chain of defined S5 priority areas. Starting from enabling test-before invest, skills and training, support to find investments, all the while serving as an awareness platform of the benefits and opportunities of the digital age. 
As a “first-responder” for digital emergencies DIGI-SI has a customer centric approach with an emphasis on timely and efficient service delivery. Apart from physical locations in both NUTS2 regions clients will be able to take advantage of features integrated into the DIGI-SI online shop, such as Academy, Virtual agent, supported by Live agents and Digital emergency hotline.
Contact Person(s): Muhamed Turkanovic
Phone: +386 02 220 7351
Email: muhamed.turkanovic@um.si
Location: Slomskov trg 15, 2000 Maribor, Slovenia
Type: EDIH
Website: https://digi-si.eu/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Technology transfer (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DigIT Hub Sweden
Title: DigIT Hub Sweden
Country: Sweden
Description: DigIT Hub Sweden is built on the solid foundation of DigIT Hub, the existing regional DIH in Skåne and Blekinge that has been in operation since 2020. The EDIH includes the neighbouring region Kronoberg, meaning DigIT Hub Sweden will reach a larger target group and leverage the synergies of the three southernmost regions of Sweden, with all EDIH actors within 2 hours travel time.
The overall objective for DigIT Hub Sweden is to:• Increase and accelerate growth and productivity by digitalisation for SMEs in the manufacturing industry• Catalyse and drive digital transformation in the public sectorThe thematic focus of DigIT Hub Sweden - Smart Manufacturing & Smart Cities - is tightly coupled with the smart specialisation strategies of the three regions and thus addresses their digitalisation needs. It also enables pooling of digitalisation expertise resources in the regions that support DigIt Hub Sweden's objectives. Our EDIH is home to world-leading Internet of Things (IoT) technology, fuelled by strong research institutions in radio communications and microelectronics in close symbiosis with large companies in the mobile phone industry and tech. The specialised focus of DigIT Hub Sweden is thus found at the intersection between Smart Manufacturing, Smart City and IoT. DigIT Hub Sweden also has strong knowledge in the DEP prioritised technology areas of AI, Cybersecurity and HPC, with already established partnerships both on national and European levels. DigIT Hub Sweden enjoys strong support and financing from the regional governments as well as major municipalities. Tech cluster Mobile Heights is the project coordinators. Other relevant cluster organisations, science parks, public sector organisations, major universities and research institutions are key partners in the EDIH. In addition, major manufacturing and tech companies play an important part to ensure a strong connection to industry.
Contact Person(s): Magnus Bäckmark
Phone: +46 76 117 21 55
Email: magnus.backmark@mobileheights.org
Location: Mårtenstorget 10A, 22351 Lund, Sweden
Type: EDIH
Website: https://digithub.se/
Active Sectors: Health care (low involvement), Life sciences (low involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (very low involvement), Paper and wood (moderate involvement), Public administration (high involvement), wholesale or distribution (low involvement), Security (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Telecommunications (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement), Automotive (very low involvement), Community-Led Local Development (low involvement), Consumer products (moderate involvement), Education (high involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (low involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (low involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (low involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Gamification (low involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (low involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), Logistics (very low involvement), optoelectronics (moderate involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (low involvement), Organic and large area electronics (low involvement), Photonics (moderate involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (low involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (low involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Digital Health-Biosciences (DIH·bio)
Title: Digital Health-Biosciences (DIH·bio)
Country: Spain
Description: nan
Contact Person(s): Villarrubia Luis
Phone: +34 91 497 33 82 / 33 81
Email: info@dihbio.eu
Location: Universidad autónoma de madrid, einstein, 13, Madrid, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.dihbio.eu
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Digital Hub Logistics
Title: Digital Hub Logistics
Country: Germany
Description: In the Digital.Hub Logistics in Dortmund we accompany and advise SME and large corporations on both the digital transformation of the company and on developing digital business. All this in a region that has already proven how well it deals with structural change and in an environment which benefits from its proximity to Germany's best logistics research facilities.
Today, logistics stands for intelligent networking and is predestined to push forward digitisation in industry, trade and production. The best way to push forward the development oDortmund and the Ruhr metropolitan area are among the most important logistics locations in Germany and are renowned as innovation hubs for logistics in Europe. Scientific institutions like Fraunhofer IML, Fraunhofer ISST and TU Dortmund University with their specialist chairs and industry-related lead-projects have bundled competencies in the areas of logistics and digitisation in recent years and have established new forms of cooperation between business and science. Digital.Hub Logistics now closes the gap in the innovation chain between pre-competition research and launching product ideas onto the market. f digital projects, products and services, particularly in companies which still mostly have material assets, is with so-called »start-ins« – i.e. special digital teams or units that deal with innovations above and beyond normal daily business and outside the company’s usual product development process. Our Digital Transformation Guides accompany your »start-in« all the way from the initial inspiration to scale-up – whether you just want to use your product internally, offer it on the market or even found a new company. 
In our Digital Product Factory, we offer a wide variety of service components which you can use to lead your project to success. These are proven concepts for innovation management, e.g. potential analyses, workshops or focus groups, as well as formats from the start-up scene such as bar camps, pitch nights or hackathons. Step by step, and together with you, we select exactly the right service components to meet your specific requirements. 
Our Coworking Space is in Dortmund, opposite Fraunhofer IML and very close to Fraunhofer ISST, providing direct access to the test halls and experimental areas, shop floors and laboratories in the two research institutions. The close proximity to the TU Dortmund University LogistikCampus also ensures we have excellent contacts to young logistics talent. 
The employees at Digital.Hub Logistics Agency see themselves as Digital Transformation Guides: we support and foster developments, initiate processes, advise and accompany you in your activities, input the necessary know-how just when it is needed and connect you to the right partners.
Contact Person(s): Minde Isabelle
Phone: +49 174 892 5913
Email: info@digitalhublogistics.de
Location: Emil-figge-str. 76, Dortmund, Germany
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.digitalhublogistics.com
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Digital Impact North (DIN)
Title: Digital Impact North - European Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Sweden
Description: Digital Impact North (DIN) is a Digital Innovation Hub in north Sweden, focused on Smart Sustainable Societies, characterized by the diversity and challenges specific to societies in sparsely populated areas. DIN builds on the region’s long collaboration culture spanning all kinds of sectors and industries, based on strong research in IT, AI and digitalization, competitive industry ecosystems, world-leading industries in manufacturing, green industrial megaprojects and industrial frontiers in disruptive technologies and green conversion. As a European Digital Innovation Hub, DIN will provide key services to SMEs and public sector organisation (PSO) within four specific target areas, helping them become more mature and successful in their digital and green transformations. These areas correspond to key challenges to their clients, and thus also to the digitalisation demands of these stakeholders, but also to specific challenges to our region. The areas targeted within DIN are areas where digitalization contributes to: · More resourceful utilizing of natural resources · Reduced climate footprints from manufacturing · Improved health and wellbeing · Viable societies and sustainable lifestyles DIN consists of a well-balanced consortium with high competence both in key technology areas and in delivering expected services towards each target area. The consortium has also built significant trust and confidence among the region’s stakeholders which guarantees high impact in achieving the objectives in Digital Europe Programme. DIN will work towards a cohesive region where digital and green transformation together with social inclusion plays an important role. These three pillars are embedded components in every activity and service performed by DIN. Further, we will develop models, methods, and tools, adopted to sparsely populated areas, with support from regional collaborative networks and ecosystems together with other EDIHs in Europe.
Contact Person(s): Ulf Hedestig
Phone: +46 90 7866132
Email: ulf.hedestig@umu.se
Location: Universitetomradet, 901 87 Umea, Sweden
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://digitalimpactnorth.se/
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Paper and wood (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Life sciences (high involvement), Mining and extraction (high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (high involvement), Automotive (moderate involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Metal working and industrial production (moderate involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Electricity (moderate involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Space (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (low involvement), wholesale or distribution (low involvement), Security (low involvement), Transport & Mobility (low involvement), Construction & Assembly (very low involvement), Consumer products (very low involvement), Financial (very low involvement), Maritime (very low involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (very low involvement), Polymers and plastics (very low involvement), Telecommunications (very low involvement), Textiles (very low involvement)
Provided Services: Regional development (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Finance (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Photonics (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), products) (low involvement), Communication network (low involvement), Internet Services & Applications (low involvement), Mobility (low involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (low involvement), Displays (very low involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (very low involvement), optoelectronics (very low involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Digital Impulse Hub
Title: Digital Impulse Hub, Digital Made Easy in Catalonia
Country: Spain
Description: Digital Transformation is not only about technology, is also about building the capacities, the support ecosystem , the green and ethical framework that allow end users: SMEs, small Midcaps and Municipalities the adoption of technology. In Catalonia there are state of the art infrastructures and digital technologies, but the adoption of digital innovation is still slow and difficult, especially in the fields or AI, Big Data, Cybersecurity, HPC, Cloud, VR and AR and also in the international e-commerce and e-business e-intelligence, among other Digital technologies. Digital Impulse Hub is gathering in its consortium, the triple Helix players, to achieve its purpose: to foster, speed and secure the Digital Transformation of their target groups: SMEs and small Midcaps and Local Public Administration (Municipalities). A special sectorial focus on manufacturing, e-commerce, digital international business, Edtech and New Digital Media as well as supporting Digital Start ups and Deep Tech start ups is making Digital Impulse Hub the right instrument, for Digital Transformation, Innovation market readiness, that is ethical, inclusive and green. Partners: Coordinator CCITerrassa Politechnic University of Catalonia, CITM- Fundació Politecnica de Catalunya, Open University of Catalonia, 100 % online University (UOC), General Council of Chambers of Catalonia (Including the 13 Catalan Chambers of Commerce, Industry and Services- Afiiliated CCIB), Localret (representing 850 Catalan Municipalities, almost all), and Three City Councils with Flagship projects in the field of Digital Start ups, Industry 4.0 and New Digital Media (St. Cugat, Rubi and Terrassa City Councils-PAC). The project will reach all companies in Catalonia Region through the Chambers company Census and communication databases 675.000, 854 Municipalities through Localret Databases and will provide seamless service with EEN and Clusters (Comertia, Edutec and Cluster Audiovisual).
Contact Person(s): Alba Cabeza
Phone: +34 937339833
Email: acabeza@cambraterrassa.org
Location: Blasco de Garay, 29-49, 08224 Terrassa Barcelona, Spain
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: http://digitalimpulsehub.eu/en
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Consumer products (very high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Financial (very high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Personal services (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Real estate (high involvement), wholesale or distribution (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement), Textiles (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Transport sector (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Gamification (very high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), Logistics (very high involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Photonics (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Software Architectures (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIGITAL INNOVATION HUB „Smart Society“
Title: DIGITAL INNOVATION HUB „Smart Society“
Country: Lithuania
Description:  
Digital innovation hub „Smart Society“ established as a non-formal structure. The coordinator, SMK University of Applied Social Sciences (www.smk.lt) is a non-profit organization.
Digital innovation hub „Smart Society“ coordinated by SMK University of Applied Social Sciences in collaboration with advanced educational, IT, human resource management, new media technology services and product companies and organizations is focused on Central and Western Lithuanian companies competitiveness enhancement in the following areas:
1. modern educational technologies and processes;
2. design and audiovisual media technologies and products;
3. social and cultural innovation for the societal development products and services creation, innovative business models;
4. Flexible and applied process control technologies.
Digital innovation hub „Smart Society“, a one-stop-shop excellence hub. Hub unites social, physical, art disciplines innovation capacity potential. Our expertise, capacity and competences can be used by companies, that needs access to R&D equipment, laboratories, cutting-edge knowledge, expertise and digital technologies for modern educational technologies and processes development for business or manufacturing processes, organizational learning, business management products and services improvement. The services offered contribute to the development of synergies between skills and labor market needs, the development of talented and creative potential, the efficient use of creative and cultural resources, the application of non-technological innovation to promote societal and economic progress, integration to R&D and innovation solutions networks.
Digital innovation hub „Smart Society“ supports public-private partnerships to effectively transfer knowledge and technology to commercialize R&D and innovation results.
Digital innovation hub „Smart Society“ cooperates with innovative companies and organizations to provide business with:

R&D to develop technologies and prototypes for business or manufacturing processes, organizational learning, business management products and services;
consulting, strategic planning, market evaluation to help launch new products and services in the market;
collaboration, clustering, incubation, acceleration for the transfer and dissemination of knowledge and innovation for business, promoting their application and exploitation, enhancing businesses competitiveness and adaptation to the changes brought by Industry 4.0.

 
 
Contact Person(s): Mikalauskaite Reda
Phone: +37060033515
Email: reda.mikalauskaite@smk.lt
Location: Nemuno street 2, 93277 Klaipeda, Lithuania
Type: DIH
Website: https://smartsociety.lt/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIGITAL INNOVATION HUB INDUSTRY 4.0 (DIHBU)
Title: DIGITAL INNOVATION HUB INDUSTRY 4.0 (DIHBU)
Country: Spain
Description: The process of digital transformation of manufacturing companies will be based on the full use of technologies of Industry 4.0. The use of these technologies helps to improve the competitiveness of these companies, which from a socio-economic point of view are so important in Castilla y León.
The provision of digital transformation services is carried out under a one-stop shop scheme. This approach facilitates the provision to SMEs of a comprehensive service that addresses not only their technological needs, but also complementary aspects such as financing, training, etc..
In this sense, the enabling technologies of the digital transformation that have a greater importance in the catalogue of services provided from the DIHBU Industry 4.0, are: Artificial Intelligence, GPS location systems, Sensors, Robotics, Cloud computing, Cybersecurity, Additive Manufacturing, Big Data, the Internet of Things, and man-machine Technologies.
The articulation of DIHBU Industry 4.0 is framed in one of the Emblematic Initiatives referring to Industry 4.0, which are described in the update of the Intelligent Specialization Strategy of the Region of Castilla y León for the period 2018-2020.
The partners of DIHBU Industry 4.0 have a deep knowledge of the enabling technologies of Industry 4.0. Their experience is the Hub's best asset and the guarantee of providing a quality service to companies interested in using services for digital transformation.
Contact Person(s): Lanuza Belen
Phone: +34 696153162
Email: gerencia@dihbu40.com
Location: C/ lópez bravo nº 70., 09001 Burgos Burgos, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.dihbu40.es/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Digital Innovation Hub Lombardia
Title: Digital Innovation Hub Lombardia
Country: Italy
Description: Promotion of digital manufacturing transformation towards Industrie 4.0 approacch and the Value Chain processes overall. In particular the main activities are:

promotingthe training of qualified human resources (training & education)
Raising the companies’ awareness on opportunites of I4.0
Support in the choice and planniing of investments for innovation
Orientation to the Competence Center I4.0
Support in accessing to finance (public and private)
Mentoring to companies
Interaction and networking with European DIHs
Trans-sectoral DIHs which suit the characteristics of the Italian industrial system and business culture according to Confindustria system structure
Contact Person(s): Petrali Pierluigi
Phone: 00390258370273
Email: pierluigi.petrali@dihlombardia.com
Location: Via pantano, 9, Milano, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.dihlombardia.com
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Digital Innovation Hub Slovenia
Title: Digital Innovation Hub Slovenia
Country: Slovenia
Description: Digital Innovation Hub Slovenia (DIHS) is a national non-profit one-stop-shop dedicated to digital transformation of SME to provide, connect and support knowledge, business and technology expertise, technologies, experimental and pilot environments, best practices, methodologies and other activities necessary to fully enable Slovene industry in building digital competencies, innovation models and processes, support their digital transformation and raise their competitive advantages based on digital. DIHS is a private non-profit institute, founded by Chamber of Commerce and Industry Slovenia and operates with the help of strategic partners: University of Maribor, Tecos, Technology Park Ljubljana, International Institute of Business Analysis Slovenia, Smart Factories Cluster and Wood Industry Cluster. This multi-sector and multi-discipline partnership establishan ecosystem to sustainably support its vision on a short and long term. DIH covers three most important pillars of digital transformation: education, industry (SMEs) and municipalities, and is unique in its comprehensive lifelong learning approach.
DIHS is located in Ljubljana, Slovenia, but operating on national level with international potential for collaboration.
The knowledge areas of DIHS are:
- Competence: Digital competence development.
- Transformation: Joint development of services to support digital transformation in companies.
- Innovation and Innovation labs: Promoting open innovation, designing new business models.
- Prototypes: Experimental and pilot environments.
- International: Transfer of good practices and collaboration with other DIH in the EU.
- Support: Provide support to businesses in managing their digital transformation.

DIH Slovenia focuses on 4 main areas:
1. Setting up and managing the ecosystem
DIHS strives to support existing networks and serves as an upgraded national platform. DIHS started to analyse and map the needs of our beneficiaries (mainly SMEs) as well as locate what does the current market offer (quantity and quality of supply). Through mentorship DIHS further strengthens and speeds up the process of digitalization within SME, industry, education and local public sector. Through these initial steps we will have the complete overview of tools and data for forecasting the digital profiles of future skills needs. Based on the mentioned, DIHS will prepare recommendations for Academia to encourage new departments for future students, based on needs of digital economy. Next to research activities, DIHS will also focus on active collaboration of all stakeholders for business and digital societal development, but most of all, offer a space for business prototyping and experimenting. 

2. Professional support with digital competence development
This activity includes creating a catalogue of digital competences, based on the feedback from activities from first section, with noting the DigComp framework. Besides that, DIHS will offer support with creating 4-year long plans to develop digital competences within SME sector and also to mentor SME's in the process of making digital business plans.

3. Extended regional and international collaboration and connectivity
Cooperating with EU DIH network and individual DIHS, exchanging best-practices within region and internationally. DIHS will further strive to enrolin networks of various EU stakeholders and beyond. All this will be visual through a shared online platform, where everybody will have the right to contribute (share their best-practice, lesson learned, etc.). We will also offer support to business and development partnerships to strengthen collaboration in global value chains of Slovenian industry.

4. Promotional activities and empowerment
DIHS focuses on promotion and raising awareness on the importance of digital technologies and digital transformation, and in this way, mentorships and partnerships will play the key role for regional, national and European policy initiatives for industry digitalization. By doing so, DIHS is organizing various conferences, promotional events and campaigns, and strive to gain positive media exposure on the topics covered by DIHS. In 2021 DIHS organized over 140 events, all on the topic of digitalization. DIHS’ end goal is to increase the level of business and societal mindset on digitalization, digital transformation and innovation.

Altogether, DIHS has access to over 3000 SMEs in all regions of Slovenia. We also work with other support environments in Slovenia, offering various products and services for digitalization. Besides DIHS activities, DIHS will also try to provide access to funding opportunities for SMEs, and develop innovation ecosystem for participating stakeholders.

Our mission is to accelerate digital transformation in Slovenia in multi-layered view, starting with SME, industry, business and education. DIHS provides access to best practices and create environment for growth of digital skills and understanding on technology benefits. Therefore, DIHS offers customer-oriented approach, where not only facilitating change-process, but also providing support for a higher digital maturity of SMEs and other business players, education sector and municipalities as we consider digital society coherently.
Contact Person(s): Mohar Bastar Katja
Phone: +386 40 606710
Email: katja.mohar-bastar@dihslovenia.si
Location: Dimičeva 13, Ljubljana, Slovenia
Type: DIH
Website: http://dihslovenia.si/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Digital Silver Economy (DIHDSE)
Title: Digital Silver Economy (DIHDSE)
Country: Spain
Description: The Digital Silver Economy (DIHDSE) seeks to be the "one-stop shop" through which companies and other public or private entities can access the information, services, and facilities they need to successfully address their digital transformation processes aimed at incentivizing services more efficient for the citizenship over 50 years of age. It is a non-profit structure.
Zamora has a high Silver potential, in addition to the large number of people of age (Zamora is the most aging province in Spain as a whole), also for being an attractive place for its residence as established at the I International Silver Economy Congress held in Zamora in which 40 experts and 700 congressmen participated. On the other hand, the business fabric of the region is highly atomized and in the labor framework action is needed to boost employment and increase average income.
The DIHDSE, led by the Diputación de Zamora in collaboration with the industry, research and finance organization, will promote Zamora's recognition as a reference province in the specialization of services and industry for the elderly not only in Spain but also internationally and thus strengthen the future socio-economic development of the region.
Contact Person(s): Sánchez Iglesias Ana Isabel
Phone: +34 980559300
Email: ana.sanchez@zamoradipu.es
Location: Plaza de viriato, s/n, Zamora, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.dihsilvereconomy.com/en
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Digital Water Innovation Hub (Digital Water)
Title: Digital Water Innovation Hub (Digital Water)
Country: Spain
Description: Development and implementation of new sustainable technologies applied to the management of water as a basic resource of the circular economy. “Digital Water” applies the concepts of sustainability and circular economy to the new technologies, to improve the integral water cycle, which increases the competitive edge of many business sectors while benefitting society as a whole. In addition to the experience and scientific and technological talent of the Eurecat team, the Centre has laboratories and pilot plants, scientific equipment and data processing centres. All of these facilities enable Eurecat to meet the current and future challenges of water. Services: * Fast prototyping * PoC (proves of concepts) * Digitalisation and connectivity * Highly Specialised consulting and training * Systems integration and homogenisation * Objects virtualization * Data Quality, cleansing and Valorisation * Intelligent Maintenance/Asset lifespan and utilisation improvement * Quality/Preservation prediction * Demand Forecasting * Productivity/growth prediction * Resource optimisation * Smart scheduling * Smart Recommenders * Data analytic services (SaaS) * Resource management * Operational management * Processes management * Real time monitoring and control * Advanced reporting: KPIs, dashboards... * Scenario characterisation and analysis
Contact Person(s): García Virginia
Phone: +34 93 741 91 00
Email: info@reimaginetextile.com
Location: Parc de gardeny, edifici h3, planta baixa, 25003 Lleida Lleida, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://eurecat.org/en/centres-of-excellence/centre-for-water-management-excell…
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIGITALbuilt
Title: Digital Innovation Hub for the Built Environment
Country: Portugal
Description: DIGITALbuilt will provide digital capacitation, transformation, inclusion, digitalization, and financing advice for SMEs and Public Administration (PA) Entities in the construction, mineral resources, and railway sectors. It was designed to contribute to the twin transition of Construction and according with the European Commission strategy for the Digital Europe Programme. DIGITALbuilt is supported by four pillars: competence and skill creation; innovation ecosystem and networking; support to find investment; and providing test before investing services. It will allow, for instance, SMEs to acquire or access technologies across Europe, supporting the digital transition either in SMEs or in PA, to increase Europe’s global competitiveness, or even to minimize the blue-collar labour scarcity. This sectoral approach is by itself innovative as it is focused in providing an applied approach to Artificial Intelligence, High Performance Computing and Cybersecurity, considering their concrete applicability in construction-related challenges. DIGITALbuilt was also designed to provide digital maturity assessments and suggest actions accordingly. These assessments will allow to be more efficient in assuring that the provided services are adapted to the needs of the SMEs or the PA. DIGITALbuilt is led by the Portuguese Construction Cluster together with the Mineral Resources and Railway Clusters that will assure, together, its coordination and the connection to the government and the most relevant networks. Several RTO partners, working closely and respectively with each Cluster will provide the several services that the DIGITALbuilt’s one-stop-shop has to offer. A member of the EEN consortia will provide the connection to a seamless service within local and regional ecosystems and will assume incubation services in coordination with Startup Europe. Two other companies will provide financial and market feasibility studies, support in finding investment and business consulting.
Contact Person(s): Rita Moura
Phone: 953461695
Email: rd@teixeiraduarte.com
Location: Rua alvares cabral 306, 4050-040 Porto, Portugal
Type: EDIH
Website: nan
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIGITALIS
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub on Manufacturing
Country: Belgium
Description: The European Digital Innovation Hub DIGITALIS aims to help both traditional SMEs (with the adoption of new digital technologies) and tech savvy SMEs (with building up a competitive advantage in the globalized marketplace). Through our “ecosystem” service we will also bring together both groups of SMEs in order to create a marketplace for digital solutions and let the traditional SMEs learn from their peers. The prime goals are: 1. Increase the uptake of digital technologies on the shopfloor of manufacturing SMEs 2. Increase the level of digital skills on the shopfloor 3. Play an active role in the European network of Digital Innovation Hubs 4. Actively contribute to the European Green Deal goals DIGITALIS thus aims to act as a "one-stop shop" for manufacturing companies that want to digitize their products and processes. Our embedding in the regional as well as the European innovation landscape paves the way to provide the best available service to the SMEs. Although the focus of the EDIH is very clearly on the industry, several concepts, methodologies, and tools may also be relevant to public authorities. Where possible, we will also support these questions The main objectives of DIGITALIS address the core elements of the call for a network of European Digital Innovation Hubs. We will support the digital transformation of EU industrial ecosystems, increase the level of industrial digitalisation, upskill the workforce and reinforce critical digital capacities. DIGITALIS will form the “gateway” to a set of services, technologies and knowledge which are necessary for this digital transition and will play an active role in the European network of EDIHs. We will thus actively support the deployment of digital technologies such as Artificial Intelligence and Cybersecurity (focus of the hub).
Contact Person(s): Ger VAN DEN KERKHOF
Phone: +32497438247
Email: ger.vandenkerkhof@flandersmake.be
Location: Oude diestersebaan 133, 3920 Lommel, Belgium
Type: EDIH
Website: https://digitalis.europeandigitalinnovationhub.com/?page_id=212
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (low involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (moderate involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (moderate involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very low involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), High performance computing (very low involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), optoelectronics (very high involvement), Photonics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DigitalTech EDIH
Title: Cybersecurity and digital competencies
Country: Hungary
Description: DigitalTech EDIH is the reference Hub in Hungary to support start-ups, SMEs, mid-caps and public sector entities in their digital transformation focusing on key pillars of European priorities. DigitalTech EDIH relies on its ecosystem to address major issues of cybersecurity and digital competencies including blockchain technology, education technology and digital finance. Based on its partner’s expertise DigitalTech EDIH will deliver expertise to its clients through our service catalogue, which covers four components including skills and training, test before invest, innovation ecosystem and networking and support to find investments, along with other business development services and technology-related advisory. DigitalTech EDIH will also have the opportunity to offer its services to the other Hungarian EDIHs, regional EDIHs as well as to the pan-European network of EDIHs, in line with the European Regional Innovation Strategy. DigitalTech EDIH is part of the European Corridor of Cybersecurity EDIHs (ECCE), a network of EDIHs supported by the European Cyber Security Organisation (ECSO) and specifically dedicated to cybersecurity in order to enhance our collective actions. DigitalTech EDIH will act as a catalyst for these ecosystems and will contribute to their digital transformation, thus strengthening its resilience and ensuring its sustainability for Hungary and the region and making contributions to realising the ambitions of building and sustaining a competitive European digital workforce for the Digital Decade and beyond.
Contact Person(s): Tuan Trinh
Phone: +36 70 395 7985
Email: budapest@eitdigital.eu
Location: Budapest, Bogdanfy utca 10/a., 1117, Hungary
Type: EDIH
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Education (very high involvement), Financial (very high involvement), Public administration (high involvement)
Provided Services: Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Digitalzh
Title: The European Digital Innovation Hub for the Greater Rotterdam-The Hague Area
Country: Netherlands
Description: Digitalzh is the EDIH for the province of Zuid-Holland (NL). Digitalzh focuses on Manufacturing, Port & Maritime Industry and Horticulture. Our technology differentiators are AI for XXL-scale robotics and additive manufacturing, connected systems (IoT, 5G, Quantum) and cybersecurity. The EDIH will inform 1500 SMEs, activate 600 SMEs to work on digitalization, and support 60 SMEs in deployment of such technologies. Our consortium consists of InnovationQuarter, the economic development agency for Zuid-Holland, and TU Delft, who both already play a pivotal role in supporting SMEs. Digitalzh is supported by the Dutch Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate and the Province of Zuid-Holland. Digitalzh expands on the previous SMITZH program that has reached over 650 SMEs, executed dozens of tests, trained over 1000 people and guided over 100 users to internationalization.We work according to a structured funnel approach. In Stage 1, INFORM, we show digitalization options to SMEs and explain their benefits. Some SMEs enter Stage 2, ACTIVATE, where we evaluate their digital maturity and connect them with standard services. In Stage 3, DEPLOY, we help SMEs with specialized services, testing and training opportunities to take the first steps toward deployment. We provide a fast track where we connect SMEs with regular needs to service providers, and a deep track where we guide groups of SMEs with comparable, advanced needs. We expect to discover which services and advanced technologies are most effective. Lessons learned will be exchanged in the EDIH network. We manage the feedback loop to improve EDIH services and use this to improve regional education and build up human capital in the longer term. As a member of the EDIH network, we plan collaboration with EDIHs in The Netherlands, Germany, Flanders and Spain and European networks such as EEN, S+T+ARTS and Startup Europe.
Contact Person(s): Tim Franken
Phone: +31 88 47 47 255
Email: tim.franken@InnovationQuarter.nl
Location: Prinses Margrietplantsoen 32, 2595BR Den haag, Netherlands
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.digitalzh.nl
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Space (moderate involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (moderate involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (moderate involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DigitMak
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub DigitMak
Country: North Macedonia
Description: DigitMak aims to contribute to the objectives of the Digital Europe Programme hence improving the growth and competitiveness of the SMEs and small mid-caps, as well as, to increase the digital and green transformation of the public sector organisations through provision of integrated set of an EDIH services in support of testing before investing, training and skills development, support to find investments, networking and access to innovation ecosystems. DigitMak will achieve this through the mobilisation of the efforts of the major players in this area in the country: Ss. Cyril and Methodius University in Skopje (UKIM), as coordinator; Economic Chamber of North Macedonia (ECNM); Business Accelerator UKIM (BAU); and Foundation for Management and Industrial Research (MIR) as beneficiaries. It owns physical infrastructure (office, training facilities, showroom facilities, testing and experimentation equipment and laboratories). DigitMak project will cover the four strategic priority areas, specified in the Smart Specialization Strategy of North Macedonia: (1) Smart Agriculture and Food with Higher Added-Value; (2) Information and Communication Technologies (ICT); (3) Electro-Mechanical Industry - Industry 4.0; and (4) Sustainable Materials and Smart Buildings. It will provide activities complementary with the five key areas of the Digital Europe Programme: Supercomputing, Artificial intelligence, Cybersecurity, Advanced digital skills, and wide use of Digital technologies across the economy and society. Digitmak will cooperate with other EDIHs and other projects from the Digital Europe Programme developing capacities.
DigitMak will implement a targeted strategy aimed at building capacities and delivering value-added services that align with the Digital Europe Programme objectives. The focus will be on enhancing the digital transformation, sustainability, growth, productivity, and competitiveness of the private and public entities supported by DigitMak. To achieve this, DigitMak will adopt a gradual and systematic approach, leveraging the rapid advancements in digital technology that have created new, time-efficient, and cost-effective opportunities for both private and public sector organizations.
Contact Person(s): Petre Lameski
Phone: +38971387585
Email: lameski@finki.ukim.mk
Location: Ruger Boskovik 16, 1000 Skopje, North Macedonia
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://digitmak.mk
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Consumer products (high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Defence (low involvement), Education (very high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Leather (moderate involvement), Legal Aspects (moderate involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (high involvement), Paper and wood (high involvement), Personal services (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (very high involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement), Regulation (low involvement), Security (moderate involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Telecommunications (high involvement), Textiles (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), BI tools (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), products) (high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), Communication network (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Displays (very high involvement), Gamification (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (very high involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Mobility (high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (moderate involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Software Architectures (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIGIVEST
Title: EDIH Regiunea Vest Romania
Country: Romania
Description: DIGIVEST is the West Region's EDIH located in Timisoara  aiming to empower companies uptake digital technologies to boost the regional innovation and competitiveness. The services align around the core objectives to foster digital transformation, support access to finance, leverage international business partnerships, grow digital competences, enable innovation and multi -stakeholder projects. By integrating the EDIH into the regional ecosystem and engaging the existing know-how and network, the EDIH is complementing the emerging ecosystem of West Region striving to offer access to valuable service and to international presence for regional actors into global value chains The  value proposition is focusing on the creation of new business opportunities and innovation cooperation. 
Contact Person(s): Marius Niculae
Phone: 0040256491981
Email: marius.niculae@adrvest.ro
Location: Lazar Gheorghe 14, 300080 Timisoara, Romania
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.digivest.ro/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (moderate involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), Consumer products (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Education (moderate involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Financial (moderate involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Aeronautics (moderate involvement), Health care (high involvement), Smart City (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Technological innovation (moderate involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Field trial (low involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Prototyping (low involvement), Circular economy (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Vocational training (low involvement)
Technological Focus: High performance computing (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), BI tools (moderate involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH AGRIFOOD - Digital Innovation Hub for Agriculture and Food production
Title: DIH AGRIFOOD - Digital Innovation Hub for Agriculture and Food production
Country: Slovenia
Description: Digital Innovation Hub for Agriculture and Food production (DIH AGRIFOOD) brings together Slovenian and European research and development expertise in the field of Agriculture and Food production. The network provides the latest knowledge and technologies on digitalization of this industry - so called ‘’Smart Agriculture’’. The goal of DIH AGRIFOOD is to represents a One-Stop-Shop providing services to SMEs (farmers, farmer associations, food producers/processors, digital solution providers) in the region through a multipartner cooperation in order to provide safe, sustainable and quality food.
DIH AGRIFOOD vision is to become Slovenian leader in the development, technology transfer and innovative application of smart farming solutions and services in areas where it creates maximum value for Slovenian and European Agri-Food system.
DIH AGRIFOOD provides following services:

Awareness creation
Innovation scouting and Technology Transfer
Cooperation with other DIHs
Financing / Funding
Developing strategies and business models
Mentoring and Training
Living Lab environment services

DIH AGRIFOOD is non-formal, non-profit, free-membership, facilitation based network, managed by actors and stakeholders from agrifood domain.
Contact Person(s): Copot Daniel
Phone: +386 41 343 640
Email: daniel.copot@itc-cluster.com
Location: Lendavska ulica 5a, Murska sobota, Slovenia
Type: DIH
Website: http://itc-cluster.com/dih-agrifood/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH- Confartigianato Ancona - Pesaro e Urbino
Title: DIH- Confartigianato Ancona - Pesaro e Urbino
Country: Italy
Description: The Digital Innovation Hub of Confartigianato Ancona Pesaro and Urbino is a no profit organization, coordinated by Confartigiano Imprese, an industrial association,which has been supporting micro and Small-Medium Enterprisesfrom 70 years.
Specifically, the DIH acts an innovation centre for artisans, SMEs and citizens who want to acquire digital competences.The DIH offers to its clients, especially SMEs of different sectors, high level services and updated training to access new technologies.
The main objective of the DIH is building a digital ecosystemlinking and managing relationships between enterprises, universities and financial services in order to support businesses, particularly SMEs, towards digital transformation.
Moreover, the DIH owns specific digital and technological tools, such as 3D printers and software. SMEs can exploit this equipment directly through the DIH to develop new process and products. Furthermore, the DIH has a team of experts which can support directly SMEs, levering also on the assistance of other professional of the field.
In particular, thanks to ICT experts operating inside the DIH, enterprises can access knowledge, experience, competences on technological tools and equipment to transform their idea in prototypes and then products. Businesses can use software, 3D printing, virtual reality exploiting the opportunity of coaching from experienced professionals.
Each client of the DIH is supported in the development of new processes and products, testing first of all their level of digital maturity, ithen defining an accurate plan of actions for developing new process and products. Lastly, based on the emerging needs and knowledge required, the client is connected by the DIH to suitable partners of the ecosystem.
The relation of the collaboration is guided by the Digital Innovation Hub from the beginning, setting meetings and supporting the partners throughoutthe entire collaboration.
In addition, the DIH offers specific sessions of training involving experts from DIH staff together withexternal professionals. Training sessions continue involving a high SMEs of different sectors. The courses relate to a wide range of topics from web marketing, cybersecurity and privacy, prototyping and 3D printing and programming.
Contact Person(s): Martelli Emanuele
Phone: +39 3298231999
Email: emanuele.martelli@confartigianatoimprese.net
Location: Via fioretti 2/a, Ancona, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.confartigianatoimprese.net/content/servizi-corsi-digital-innovation-…
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH for digital twins of logistics systems and manufacturing processes and systems (DIH_DiTMaPS)
Title: DIH for digital twins of logistics systems and manufacturing processes and systems (DIH_DiTMaPS)
Country: Slovenia
Description: DIH for digital twins of manufacturing processes and systems is a national non-profit hub founded by the public body University of Ljubljana, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering that operates with the support of strategic Slovenian partners, all non-for profit organizations.
The main focus of the DIH for digital twins of logistics systems and manufacturing processes and systems is to support companies in increasing their competitiveness by improving their business and production processes as well as their products and services in the field of digital technology, especially digital twins. Digital twins are one of the enabling technology in the way of digital manufacturing transformation in Industry 4.0 and value chain processes in general. The digital twin is defined as a virtual representation of a physical product or process that serves to understand and predict the performance characteristics of the physical counterpart. Digital twins are used throughout the product lifecycle to simulate, predict, and optimize the product and production system before investing in physical prototypes and resources.
The DIH is focused to accelerate technology transfer at regional, national and international levels, the joint use of research infrastructures and equipment, the support of smart and sustainable entrepreneurship in the field of intelligent factories and the promotion of human capital growth.
The DIH DiTMaPS supports companies to develop and implement a digital transformation strategy based on research and innovation that can consolidate and expand national competitive advantages. At the same time, the transformation of the national and European manufacturing sector into new intelligent systems will be supported in line with DIH'European Union research and innovation agendas.
The DIH for digital twins of logistics systems and manufacturing processes and systems is established within the Laboratory for Handling, Assembly and Pneumatics (LASIM) of the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering (FME ) in Ljubljana. The Faculty is a member of the University of Ljubljana (UL) and is the largest educational and research institution with the highest international standards in the field of mechanical engineering in Slovenia and the wider region of Central and South-Eastern Europe. The Laboratory for handling, assembly and pneumatics is part of the Department of Manufacturing, Technologies and Systems of FME, UL. The research and development priorities of the LASIM laboratory are closely related to the DIH's focus: digital twins of logistics systems, smart factories and Industry 4.0. The related theme of the laboratory is smart manufacturing, supported by digital technologies to increase the efficiency of SMEs. The other research areas of the laboratory are: High Performance Computing (HPC), Cloud Computing, Edge Computing, Human Centered Production, AI in Manufacturing, Zero Defect Manufacturing, Distributed Cyber-Physical Systems, Networked Factory, Digital LEAN, etc.
Over the years, LASIM has extended the usage of Discrete Event Simulation to the field of Digital Twins, which are the backbone of Smart factories and I4.0. With the knowledge of cutting-edge technologies and approaches, LASIM has a very strong link with industrial partners through its R&D projects and activities. Here are some industry partners presenting the market leaders from different business sectors: Yaskawa Ristro, Yaskawa Europe Robotics, Knauf Insulation, Kolektor, ECOLAB, Danfoss, Krka, Intersocks, Gorenje, Scania, Goodyear, Hidria, Skaza Smart Plastic, Polycom, RIKO, MTZ, LTH Castings, Iskra Mehanizmi, Agromehanika, etc.
Contact Person(s): Simic Marko
Phone: +386 1 4771 797
Email: marko.simic@fs.uni-lj.si
Location: Askerceva 6, Ljubljana, Slovenia
Type: DIH
Website: http://dih-ditmaps.si
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH HIVE (Hub for Innovations in Virtual Environment)
Title: DIH HIVE (Hub for Innovations in Virtual Environment)
Country: Czechia
Description: DIH HIVE covers mainly Pilsen Region and Karlovy Vary Region. Strategic target of DIH HIVE is to help with the comprehensive implementation of the digitalization of the economy in the region and to have a visible physical presence, working closely and successfully with other actors (universities and RTOs, chambers of commerce, training centres, SMEs and other companies, supply chains, consultants, etc.) as an important partner of a regional ecosystem.
University of West Bohemia (UWB) as a founding member of the DIH HIVE is the main knowledge disseminator in the region. With its 9 faculties, 2 research institutes and the European Center of Excellence it has the capacity to cover technological as well as business issues. All of faculties and research institutes have a wide range of technologically oriented working facilities for prototyping, process improvement, product development and testing. An important activity of the university is the transfer of knowledge, cooperation with companies and the support of innovation. UWB is one of the founding members of the CESNET backbone network in the Czech Republic. CESNET operates and develops the national e-infrastructure for science, research and education which encompasses a computer network, computational grids, data storage and collaborative environment. The other research partner is the COMTES FHT company an organisation which provides research and development services in the field of metallic materials and introduces new forming and heat treatment processes, mainly in key sectors comprising the engineering, automotive and power industries.
The support for business and its innovation is ensured also by other hub partners. BIC Plzeň – Business and Innovation Centre has supported the establishment and development of innovative new businesses in the Pilsen region since 1992. It acts within international networks that support business and innovation, working in partnership with numerous other partners at the regional, national and international levels. BIC Plzeň is a member of European Business and Innovation Centre Network (EBN) and Enterprise Europe Network (EEN). BIC Plzeň also supports the operation of the Science and Technology Park which has a main role of regional incubator for starting companies. The strong linkage to policy development is ensured by the Regional Development Agency of the Pilsen Region (RDA) and the Business Development Agency of Karlovy Vary Region (KARP) which are the leading agencies responsible for the regional RIS3 strategy implementation. All those organisations have a wide experience in organisation of conferences, workshops, seminars, networking, exchange of knowledge, exchange of experts, etc.
Contact Person(s): Bureš Marek Bureš
Phone: +420606050830
Email: bures@fst.zcu.cz
Location: Univerzitni 8, 301 00 Pilsen, Czechia
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.dih-hive.cz/en/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH North
Title: DIH North
Country: Croatia
Description: DIH North was founded by three partners Technology park Varaždin, Technology Innovation Centre Medjimurje and ENTER Koprivnica.
DIH have several infrastructural units at disposal for potential users of the DIH’s services. There is total of sixbuildings (twoin Koprivnica, three in Čakovec, one in Varaždin) with high-speed optical network available for users. The buildings areequipped with modern network infrastructure including multiple high-speed performance servers, with addition of multiple high-speed performance workstations ready for prototyping and small-scale manufacturing. Workstations are equipped with a 3D printers, CNC machines and laser cutters (basically, a fab lab), with access to necessary hardware and software for prototyping.DIH offer a wide range of services for SMEs, from basic incubation to more advanced business and IT support.
DIH North support the local SMEs with their digital transformation through activities such as building ecosystem, mediation and networking, development of strategies for companies, concept validation and prototyping, pre-competitive series production. Also SMEs can use infrastructire, can get digital maturity assessment, incubator / accelerator support and mentoring and mentoring.
Since DIH has all the necessary machines for fab lab production available for its clients, prototyping, product development and small scale production are one of the most valuable services that DIH can offer, because region that this DIH covers (Northern Croatia) is support for SMEs in terms of prototyping and product development. DIH has all the necessary software licenses for 3D modeling, design and visual prototyping. Part of DIH's infrastructure are 3D printer, Hologram, VR equpment, 3D scanner for rapid prototyping, CNC machines and laser cutter for rapid prototyping and production of small series, wood and metal processin machines.
DIH supports industries that are of strategic importance in partner regions.
TICM is focused on support for IT sector, metal industry, automotive industry and various types of service industries in Čakovec and Međimurje county.

ENTER Koprivnica in Koprivničko-križevačka county is focused on connecting different industries with experts especially with focus on creative industries sector since ENTER is managing Incubator of Creative Industries. ENTER has focus on SMEs, connecting them with experts from Industry 4.0 and working on digitization of their business.

Technology park Varaždin and Varaždinska county deal with IT sector, Iot, creative industries with focus on audio-visual and IT sector) and renewableenergy.
Non-profit aim of DIH North is to provide access to know how, best practices, education and experts. Through DIH North we are aiming to encourage ecosystem members to be actively involved in SMEs digitization processes to help them deal with their challenges and achieve competitiveness.
DIH North has strong connections with its ecosystem members, among which are Faculty of Organization and Informatics(FOI), University North, Development and Educational Centre for Metal Industry - Metal Centre Čakovec, cities Varaždin, Čakovec, Koprivnica, clusters (Croatian cluster of competitiveness of creative and cultural industries), Međimurje IT cluster (MIT Cluster).
Contact Person(s): Matić Horvat Aldijana
Phone: +385 (0)48 222 338
Email: info@enterkoprivnica.hr
Location: Trg dr. žarka dolinara 18, Koprivnica, Croatia
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.dih-north.eu/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH ONEX
Title: Digital Innovation Hub ONEX
Country: Bosnia and Herzegovina
Description: DIH ONEX consortium is a prominent provider of digital innovation solutions and services in the Republic of Srpska region/Bosnia and Herzegovina. Our mission is to drive growth and success for our esteemed clients through innovation, creativity, and strategic thinking.DIH ONEX specializes in assisting businesses in leveraging state-of-the-art technologies and emerging trends to sustain their competitive advantage and accomplish their objectives. Whether they aspire to streamline their operations, enhance client engagement, or unlock novel revenue streams, we possess the requisite proficiency and experience to facilitate their growth and success.DIH ONEX team consists of 30 professionals.
At ONEX, we pride ourselves on our commitment to collaboration, innovation, and client satisfaction. We work closely with each of our clients to understand their unique needs and goals, and to develop customized solutions that deliver tangible results.ONEX has prioritized five high-growth thematic sectors, namely Agri-food, Manufacturing, Financial, Tourism, and Construction, and has aligned them with green deal principles to encourage efficient resource utilization and transition towards a clean, circular economy. Additionally, we have engaged creative actors who bring innovative and out-of-the-box thinking to the table, thereby facilitating the generation of novel solutions.Our selection of appropriate partners and their core competencies has been guided by a thorough analysis of the digitalization needs of our target groups in the high-growth thematic sectors. By leveraging the strengths and expertise of our partners, we aim to achieve optimal outcomes that drive growth and success for our clients. 
Contact Person(s): Bojan Cudic
Phone: 0038765807469
Email: bojan.cudic@onex.digital
Location: Akademika Jovana Surutke 19, 78000 Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Type: DIH
Website: https://onex.digital/en/edih
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Automotive (moderate involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Consumer products (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Education (high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Financial (moderate involvement), Fishery (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Leather (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Real estate (moderate involvement), wholesale or distribution (moderate involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Textiles (high involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Paper and wood (moderate involvement), Smart City (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), BI tools (high involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Gamification (high involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), optoelectronics (moderate involvement), Mobility (high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (moderate involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH PANNONIA
Title: Digital Innovation Hub PANNONIA
Country: Croatia
Description: DIH PANNONIA services will enable digitalisation and introduction of Industry 4.0 into economic entities with an emphasis on agriculture and food industry. DIH PANNONIA users are scientific research centres, public institutions and economic entities in the Slavonia, Baranja, and Srijem area.DIH PANNONIA’s task is the promotion of digital transformation and provision of services for the increase of the application of digital technologies in the real, public, and science research areas, as well as in all sectors, with an emphasis on food processing sector. DIH PANNONIA gives opportunity for easier propelling of strategic partnerships, better cross-border cooperation for various projects, start-up companies, micro-enterprises and SMEs, which deal with digital technologies. Simultaneously, it connects business entities from different industries with interest in using and implementation of newly created innovative solutions. DIH PANNONIA provides services of: - Promotion of digitalisation and technology and knowledge transfer, - Organisation of training and guidance for the digital skills development of economic entities, public sector, students and family farms, with the access to the professional knowledge of universities and other consortium partners, - Education and skill development provision, needed for a successful digital transformation, - Support to economic entities, public administration and other users in improving business models by using new technologies, - Networking and connecting providers and users in the digital transformation line at the national and international level, - Providing access to product testing and experimentation infrastructure, - Advisory services in accessing financial means and the use of financial mechanisms, - Preparation and implementation of development projects for users, -Support for the development of innovative ecosystems and networking opportunities.
Contact Person(s): Vukovar-Srijem County Development Agency
Phone: +385 99346 96 33
Email: vdzoic@ra-vsz.hr
Location: Antuna akšamovića 31, 32100 Vinkovci, Croatia
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.ra-vsz.hr/eng-dih-pannonia/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (moderate involvement), Education (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH TERA
Title: DIH TERA
Country: Croatia
Description: DIH TERA (Digital innovation hub TERA) is a consortium that functions as a one-stop-shop and provides companies with the possibility of enhancing their competitiveness concerning their business/production processes, products or services by using digital technologies. DIH TERA is based on technological infrastructure (Competence Centre – CC) and provides access to the latest knowledge, expertise and technologies for providing support to companies in the implementation of pilot projects, testing and experimenting with digital innovations. The hub provides business and financial support for introducing innovations, if necessary, through the value chain, and acts as the first regional contact point that strengthens the innovation ecosystem.
The DIH TERA consortium consists of organisations based in East Croatia, among which there are constituents of the two East Croatian universities and development agencies from all five of the region’s counties, as well as business support institutions and renowned Croatian SMEs with extensive knowledge and experience in the IT sector and digitalisation processes. The coordinator is an SME with a not-for-profit clause, established by theJosip Juraj Strossmayer University of Osijek, Osijek-Baranja County and the City of Osijek.
All the partners undertake not to make profit from the activities implemented within the DIH, in compliance with the not-for-profit clause.
DIH TERA operates not only on regional but on the national and international levels as well. It cooperates with international consortia and initiatives, bringing companies closer to service providers from other regions. The members of the DIH TERA consortium participate in numerous international projects, programmes and networks, such as D-Rural, Enterprise Europe Network (EEN), Horizon2020, KAM (Key Account Management), Erasmus for Young Entrepreneurs (EYE), KETGATE, KET4CP, MobiliseSME, Time Machine, EIT Food, Erasmus+, Interreg, Danube Transfer Centres (DTC), Open Innovation System of the Adriatic-Ionian Region network, ECMI (European Consortium for Mathematics in Industry), Crowdhelix.
Key services:
Test Before Invest: the services encompass digital maturity evaluation, demonstrational activities, evaluation and simulation for digital transformation, support for integration and adaptation of different technologies, testing and experimentation with digital technologies, technology transfer, development of mobile and web applications.
Skills and Training: workshops, seminars, in-house education and training.
Access to Finance:the services encompass connecting companies within the EEN network, creating and publishing clients’ profiles in the EEN database, advisory services regarding business internationalisation on the EU market, a consultancy in defining project proposals for financing, directing entrepreneurs to cascade financing of R&D activities and prototype financing, connecting entrepreneurs with international networks of R&D institutions.
The process:
An analysis of justification and needs is performed on the expression of the client's interest and the need for entrepreneurial support. To this end, an evaluation and support team shall be set up, involving relevant experts from the consortium's partner institutions. The experts are tasked with preparing a work plan (consultancy support, education, prototyping, testing, preparing project proposals for other sources of funding and other activities according to the profile and needs of the project). In the initial phase, the work of DIH TERA focuses on activities that can significantly improve business through digitalisation, such as building sustainable food supply chains through the digital transformation of agriculture, which includes the use of artificial intelligence in quality control systems, the use of blockchain technologies un certification and labelling of food products, the use of GIS/GPS technologies in precision agriculture development, use of additive production to shorten the time required for product and packaging design, personalised nutrition and functional food production, as well as other unspecified activities. Based on the connections with other international consortia and initiatives, the range of technical competencies and services is significantly expanded.
Contact Person(s): TERA DIH
Phone: +385(0)31-251-000
Email: dih@tera.hr
Location: Trg ljudevita gaja 6, Osijek, Croatia
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.tera.hr
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH Veneto
Title: DIH Veneto
Country: Italy
Description: The DIH Veneto is managed by Confindustria Veneto SIAV Srl, the service company of Confindustria Veneto. It operates at a regional level in close connection with the "territorial antennas" set up by the Industrial Associations of the Veneto provinces and the provincial DIHs of Confindustria. The objective of DIH Veneto is to support the business system in the digital transition process through a structured series of initiatives, activities and services: • Awareness-raising and training on the opportunities related to the application of 4.0 technologies through the organisation of seminars, workshops, training courses and study visits; • Management animation and promotion of the regional network of Industry 4.0 showcase factories https://100luoghi.industria40veneto.it/ • Research and studies in the field of 4.0 aimed at promoting and developing the managerial culture • Digital maturity assessment: support in the use of digital maturity assessment tools, the definition of the roadmap for the digital transformation of business processes and accompaniment in the development of 4.0 projects through the support of highly qualified managers • Orientation towards the innovation ecosystem: national and European competence centres (in particular the Smact Competence Centre in Triveneto), smart factories and demo centres, lighthouse factories, universities, technology clusters, public and private research centres, technology transfer centres, incubators and fablabs; • Support in accessing regional, national and European funding • Liaison with major regional clusters. SIAV is part of 12 technology clusters recognised by the Veneto Region. The DIH Veneto operates at a regional level in close connection with the "territorial antennas" set up by the Industrial Associations of the Veneto provinces and the provincial DIHs of Confindustria. Confindustria Veneto and SIAV participate in EEN - Enterprise Europe Network in the Friend Europe Consortium, pursuing the mission of internationalisation of enterprises in connection with territorial associations. SIAV participates in two EDIHs: DANTE - Digital Solutions for a Healthy, Active and Smart Life and NEURAL - Veneto Hub for Advanced Digital Technologies. In both EDIH, our core activity is animation of the industrial ecosystem (SMEs/regional clusters) and the provision of assessments on the digital maturity of enterprises, in particular manufacturing SMEs. As SIAV, we are also an observatory for the Veneto region on industrial transformations, we have also conducted research on industrial transitions in manufacturing SMEs and we carried out initiatives, projects, piloting and training activities with and within SMEs on both knowledge and technology transfer. Liaison with major regional clusters: SIAV is part of 12 technology clusters recognised by the Veneto Region (RIR- Reti Innovative Regionali)
Contact Person(s): Confindustria Veneto Siav Srl
Phone: +39 0412517511
Email: area.progetti@siav.net
Location: Via torino 151/c, 30172 Mestre venezia TO, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.industria40veneto.it/development/siav/portale/industry40.nsf/$direc…
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (low involvement), Cultural and creative economy (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Life sciences (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Maritime (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Telecommunications (high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement), Security (high involvement), Space (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (moderate involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (low involvement), Big data (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), Cloud Services (low involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Mobility (low involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH4.AI
Title: DIH4.AI
Country: Poland
Description: The Digital Innovation Hub,dih4.ai(Gdansk, Poland), is co-created by a consortium of Voicelab.ai and Gdansk University of Technology in collaboration with almost 20 partners.
DIH4.AI, is co-created by a consortium of Voicelab.ai and Gdansk University of Technology in collaboration with almost 20 partners.
DIH4.AI is one of the leaders of Digital Innovation Hubs in Poland, selected in October 2019 by the Minister of Entrepreneurship and Technology. VoiceLab.AI specializes in providing artificial intelligence innovations in the area of voice and signal processing technologies. It has world-class proprietary solutions designed for the banking, financial, telecommunications, medical and public sectors, among others. The company has vast experience in tasks related to digital transformation in the national conditions of development and implementation of modern technologies. Gdansk University of Technology is on the other hand an experienced technical university and one of the best research universities in Poland. It successfully implements initiatives related to the development of scientific research , as well as undertakes activities to integrate the Pomeranian environment in the field of AI, conducting intensive training and networking activities.
The primary purpose of DIH4.AI is to support companies in the development and commercialization of innovative projects in the field of modern technologies through access to knowledge, experience, technology and good practices. Digital Innovation Hub conducts information, training, consulting and implementation activities - in particular in the field of AI, but also robotics, Internet of Things (IoT) or cyber security. (learning factory), thanks to which it is possible to acquire competencies necessary for technology transfer from science to industry.
Services offered:

trainings and courses: gain knowledge and improve competencies in the use of AI to support digital transformation. Use our e-learning platform: www.edu.dih4.ai
Computing power; intelligent automation of complex business processes requires efficient infrastructure. We provide the computing power you need to digitize your operations.
Labs: Want to do a project related to robotics, automation or 3D printing? Prototype and construct in the state-of-the-art dih4.ai lab workshop
Consulting: We can help if you need support with automating processes in your organization or are looking for advice on how to use AI for data processing.We also offer to perform a technology audit and digital maturity assessment using ADMA methodology
Events: Find yourself at the center of events and meet people who share your enthusiasm. Gain knowledge and valuable contacts. Check where we can meet!
Contact Person(s): Kawalec Jacek
Phone: +48 601 173 738
Email: jacek@voicelab.ai
Location: Al. grunwaldzka 135a, Gdansk, Poland
Type: DIH
Website: https://dih4.ai/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH4AISec
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub for Artificial Intelligence and Cybersecurity in Lower Saxony
Country: Germany
Description: The DAISEC is a European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) for the metropolitan region of Hanover-Braunschweig-Göttingen-Wolfsburg in Lower Saxony, Germany. Our EDIH focuses on the development and application of artificial intelligence (AI) and cybersecurity technologies in three of the most important industry sectors of Lower Saxony, production, mobility, and skilled crafts. It also provides services for the public sector. The aim of the DAISEC is to increase the industrial reach and impact of the internationally leading research and innovation centers in the region and cater to the industrial demands for the introduction of modern AI technologies and increased cybersecurity. The hub strengthens the development and expansion of digital capacities and the acceptance of digital technologies in regional SMEs, start-ups, and in the public sector. For this, the DAISEC builds on the vast experience and competencies of major regional technology and innovation centers, the Mittelstand Digital competence centers in Hannover and Lingen, and a large number of regional economic development organisations. In addition, the consortium includes many trade and networking organisations that add to the networking and dissemination capabilities of the hub. This broad network of partners enables us to offer a wide-ranging and state-of-the-art portfolio of services in the areas of test before invest, skills and training, support to find investments, and networking.
Contact Person(s): Daniel Kudenko
Phone: +49-511-76217715 
Email: kudenko@daisec.de
Location: Appelstrasse 4, 30167 Hannover, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: https://daisec.de/en/
Active Sectors: Automotive (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), Prototyping (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH4CAT
Title: Catalonia Digital Innovation Hub (DIH4CAT)
Country: Spain
Description: DIH4CAT targets Catalan SMEs (with a special focus on manufacturing companies and technology providers), technology start-ups, and public administrations. Catalonia has a strong industrial base, with 35,339 companies (99% SMEs) which represent 18,1% of Spanish industrial enterprises. Data from 2019 shows that only 16% of those companies had adopted advanced digital technologies. Additionally, Catalonia counts more than 1,700 start-ups, (66% of Industry 4.0), facing challenges such as access to technology infrastructure, time to market and investment. In this context the Digital Innovation Hub of Catalonia (DIH4CAT) is born, as a non-profit regional innovation ecosystem formed by the main agents supporting digitisation in Catalonia and connecting the main technology infrastructure of the region to make them available for SMEs, start-ups, and public administration, with the objective of accelerating technology transformation towards a more green and digital industry. The consortium is led by the Government of Catalonia and composed of 7 technology partners (RTOs and university) leading the 7 technology areas (AI, HPC, Cybersecurity, Robotics, Photonics, 3D Printing and Connectivity), 1 business school, 2 employer’s industrial associations. It is complemented with 19 Associated Partners so far which include, among others, private companies contributing with infrastructure and know-how. DIH4CAT has a clear focus on test before invest services but complements its offer with services related to innovation, ecosystem, digital skills, access to finance and business. The Consortium has also a very well-defined collaboration strategy at an international level, developed through the presence in most relevant European networks, participation in more than 50 previous relevant projects, 5 MoUs specifically developed for this call, to develop common infrastructures/services, and seamless collaboration with EEN (Catalan node is also coordinated by ACCIÓ).
Contact Person(s): Sandra Perez
Phone: +34 93 484 72 83
Email: sperezmartinez@gencat.cat
Location: Passeig de gracia 129, 08008 Barcelona Barcelona, Spain
Type: EDIH
Website: https://dih4cat.cat/es/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Photonics (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH4CN
Title: Digital Innovation Hub for Climate Neutrality
Country: Portugal
Description: The DIH4ClimateNeutrality’s mission is to accelerate the transition of cities to smart, resilient and carbon neutral urban spaces, through the use of big data and digital technologies, to improve sustainability and citizens’ quality of life. The Hub aims to become a national and European reference on digital transformation at the service of climate action. The DIH will provide access to digital competences, infrastructures and services to the following target groups, answering to their digitalization needs: local governments, companies who develop smart and sustainable city solutions, namely SMEs, mid-caps and start-ups, and communities (mainly students). The DIH4CN will be centred on urban science for sustainability, using digital skills and technologies to enhance the transition towards carbon neutrality. The technological coverage of the hub are Internet-of-Things/Cyber-physical Systems, Artificial Intelligence and Data Analytics. Other relevant digital technologies, such as data confidentiality, cybersecurity and High-Performance Computing will be assessed throughout the DIH’s network of partners, for ex. Minho Advanced Computing Centre, and the European network of DIH. DIH4CN has a national scope, providing services for all the Portuguese regions, but it also acts as an access point to the European Network of Digital Innovation Hubs, helping local companies and the public sector to get support from other EIDHs, and vice-versa. In this context, networking and innovation ecosystem, test-before-invest, training and skills development, and innovation support and business development are the main services to be provided by the DIH4CN, to enhance the green and digital transformation of companies and the public sector, as well as and the introduction of low-carbon digital-based innovations in the market. In the context of the EDIH network, the Hub will collaborate with the Digital Transformation Accelerator, and EDIH sub-networks and innovation corridors.
Contact Person(s): CATARINA VARELA A BATISTA SELADA
Phone: +351916109786
Email: catarina.selada@ceiia.com
Location: Av. D. Afonso Henriques, 1825, 4450-301 MATOSINHOS, Portugal
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: http://www.ceiia.com
Active Sectors: Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Education (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Field trial (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Big data (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Human computer interaction (moderate involvement), Mobility (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH4GlobalAutomotive
Title: DIH4GlobalAutomotive
Country: Portugal
Description: The DIH 4 GLOBAL AUTOMOTIVE proposes to assume as the Digital Innovation Hub of the Automotive Sector in Portugal, arising from the aggregation of a set of entities and companies, coordinated by MOBINOV, with the objective of providing support services to SME to support the (necessary) digital transformation of the value chain, both at the product and process level, positioning existing companies and start-ups in the future of mobility. Its main objective is to work at the level of the development of innovative concepts and products for the Car of the Future, supporting the SMEs in the automotive sector in the development of new components for this car and, mainly, to support the necessary changes to the production processes associated with Industry 4.0 and the concept of Factory of the Future. It also intends to act as an access point to the European network of EDIHs, helping local companies and/or public actors to get support from other EDIHs in case the needed competences fall outside their competence, ensuring that every stakeholder gets the needed support wherever it is available in Europe and provide services to SME from other countries presented by other EDIHs that need their expertise. The diagnoses made with SMEs, point to the importance that digital technologies will be used increasingly in all car systems, so DIH resources will also be able to be mobilized in a transversal way, so that services can be provided with maximum flexibility and versatility. The DIH will act as an intermediary of innovation in the automotive industry and its value chain, seeking to provide through the provision of advanced digital services and technologies aid and support to companies in their digital transformation processes, providing a set of services such as testing before investing, skills development and training, support in the search for investment funding, partnerships and networking for the innovation ecosystem.
Contact Person(s): Rui Oliveira
Phone: +351911089214
Email: rui.oliveira@mobinov.pt
Location: Av. D. Afonso Henriques 1825, 4450-017 Matosinhos, Portugal
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: http://www.dih4globalautomotive.com
Active Sectors: Automotive (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Prototyping (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH4Society
Title: Digital Innovation Hub for a Smarter, Safer and more Sustainable Society (DIH4Society)
Country: Romania
Description: News: 
 launched the call for selecting the SMEs who will benefit from the services. Details & info are available: https://dih4society.ro/apel-imm/
Accelerating digital green transformation and innovation uptake across the economy and society is at the forefront of Europe’s growth agenda. Digital Innovation Hubs (DIHs) are one of the pillars to uphold this process and will help to consider the geographical (regional) dimension and thematic context to boost SME growth, citizen centered governance, jobs and investment. The COVID19 crisis has demonstrated the absolute necessity of having strong European digital ecosystems as key enablers to avoid disruption in value-chains. However, digitalization and digital transformation can only be efficient if digital ecosystems are strongly interlinked with their applied market sectors. Due to inertia and/or legacy, the manufacturing, public administration and health sectors are among the most challenging ones. The project Digital Innovation Hub for Society for a Smarter, Safer and more Sustainable Society comes to upscale the services that DIH4Society can deliver in the North-West Region of Romania and aims at fully integrating our initiative into the European network of hubs. The project focuses on two technological pillars, cybersecurity and smart robotics, while also building advanced digital competencies for digitalization and green digital transformation. Upon finalization, the project will have a profound, transformative impact on a regional level through the digital progression of 70 key stakeholders, public administration and health providers, and more than 400 SMEs from smart specialization sectors. DIH4Society will provide a European solution to a European challenge and will bring or embed digitalization in the practices of many organizations. In the long run the project will inspire a new generation of early adopters of technologies, new entrepreneurial initiatives of visionary companies and organizations that use cutting edge technologies at the core of their business models and will build the foundation for a citizen centered public service delivery.
Contact Person(s): Andrei KELEMEN
Phone: +40722332796
Email: andrei.kelemen@clujit.ro
Location: Str. Dorobantilor 57A, First Floor, 400609 Cluj-Napoca, Romania
Type: EDIH
Website: https://dih4society.ro/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (moderate involvement), Education (moderate involvement), Energy (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIHBAI-TUR
Title: Digital Innovation Hub of the Balearic Islands in Artificial Intelligence in Tourism and the Agrifood sectors
Country: Spain
Description: Being islands, the region of the Balearic Islands faces important challenges when it comes to digitalisation. DIHBAI-TUR was born with the objective of being an umbrella for all actors representing the Balearic Islandsâ€™ digital and innovation ecosystem, and therefore it is the only DIH in the region. DIHBAI-TUR will use tourism, as the main industry, to leverage other industrial sectors, with a special focus on Agrifood, in their digital transformation process while becoming a reference model in Artificial Intelligence applied to tourism. Addressed mainly to SMEs, DIHBAI-TUR offers a sound catalogue of services that combines training, networking, test before invest and access to funding actions. DIHBAI-TUR has already promoted the creation of a specific network of DIHs for islands (iSLANDIHS). It is part of the most important DIH networks, and it is working to create a DIH network specialising in tourism. All these networks, the contacts made, and our experience will contribute to the EDIH. As a very active DIH, DIHBAI-TUR will contribute and participate in the activities foreseen by the DTA, reinforcing the role of Europe as a worldwide leader in tourism thanks to digitalisation and therefore help to accelerate tourismâ€™s recovery. Train for trainers activities will be an important tool to transfer knowledge to the territory of the Balearic Islands through a sound ecosystem that will be managed under the umbrella of DIHBAI-TUR. DIHBAI-TUR presents a solid workplan based on five interrelated Work packages aimed to offer dedicated and focused services to SMEs and public bodies with the final objective of increasing the number of companies our DIH provides services to, improving their digital maturity and, therefore, their competitiveness and productivity, as well as offering services that go from the most basic digital requirements to the most advances ones, combining the knowledge and expertise of all the entities that are part of the DIHBAI-TUR Consortium.
Contact Person(s): Miquel Lluís Mestre
Phone: +34971710188
Email: mmestre@cambramallorca.com
Location: Estudio general, 7, 07001 Palma Balears, Spain
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://dihbai-tur.com
Active Sectors: Travel and tourism (very high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Circular economy (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Communication network (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH-BAITUR: Digital Innovation Hub of the Balearic Islands for Artificial Intelligence and Tourism
Title: DIH-BAITUR: Digital Innovation Hub of the Balearic Islands for Artificial Intelligence and Tourism
Country: Spain
Description: (DIH-BAITUR) is a non-profit initiative in line with the Smart Specialisation Strategy of the Balearic Islands (RIS3), which is focused on tourism and promotes other strategic sectors, such as agriculture.
Tourism is one of the fastest-growing and most dynamic industries in the world. At the same time, it is also an “anchor” industry for all others in the region.
The Balearic Islands are one of the most important and well-known tourist destinations in the world. The competitiveness of the tourism industry is directly related to the islands’ capacity to innovate and adapt to today’s new technological changes.
Disruptive technologies have a direct impact on tourism, and this impact is much stronger than in any other sector: cloud computing, IoT, BigData, 5G... So, this industry needs a digital and innovative ecosystem that will help to support the emergence of new data and the digital economy.
At the same time, tourism is a sector that is directly linked to all other industries in the region, especially agriculture. So, DIH-BAITUR brings all these sectors and industries together “under one roof,” therefore increasing the region’s level of competitiveness.
DIH-BAITUR aims to support and boost the digital transformation of companies, especially those in the tourism and agricultural sectors. This will help them to successfully face today’s global challenges, especially those related to the new data economy, and help them to become more competitive.
DIH-BAITUR is co-run by different non-profit and public entities: the cluster of technologies applied to tourism – TURISTEC, leading the creation of DIH-BAITUR together with the University of the Balearic Islands (UIB), Mallorca Chamber of Commerce, the Agricultural Cooperatives on the islands and the Regional Government of the Balearic Islands. New members to join in the short-medium termhave already been identified.
The main ambition of the Balearic Islands DIH is to become a reference model, not only for the Balearic Islands in anything related to innovation and digitisation, but also at European level for the tourism sector.
This DIH also intends to create a strong and single digital innovation ecosystem involvingnot only the tourism sector but all other sectors in the Balearic Islands, concentrating primarily on the agricultural industry. DIH-BAITUR provides services for the development of R+D projects, scaling up of innovative projects and demonstrations, and also serves as a resource for training and accelerating of start-ups with a one-stop-shop approach.
Different services have already been identified, for the technical and economic advisory services such as:

Needs analysis
Market and territory intelligence: Development of tools to offerMarket and territory intelligence, open to public and private entities and based on indicators
360 vision of technological assessment
Technological perspective and state of the art assessment
Economic viability analysis
Access to finance and funding: offer information on existing grants, funds and tenders at local, national and international level for all kind of entities
Proof of concept


Networking and incubating services such as:

Access to competence centres
Development of the innovation ecosystem: put together the main actors of the innovation ecosystem at regional level and generate synergies at international level
Internationalisation
Incubator/mentoring services: offering the possibility to incubate start-ups and SMEs as well as carry out different mentoring services from the technological and business point of view

Awareness and training activities, such as:

Showroom activities
Dissemination activities
Training and education: offer training and education. Identification of skills and skills needed by companies
The organisation of innovation events
Contact Person(s): Ordóñez Martínez Dolores
Phone: +34 619712806
Email: dihbaitur@gmail.com
Location: Parc bit, Palma, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.dihbai-tur.com
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIH-bio
Title: DIH·bio (Digital Health - Biosciences)
Country: Spain
Description: Thanks to digital technologies such as AI or HPC and the massive generation of medical and other health-related data, traditional methods for early detection, diagnosis, treatment, patient management, precision medicine, drug development, genomics, or medical image analysis are being transformed. This is driving an evolution of health-related activities from a reactive approach (curing diseases) to an approach based on the P4 medicine paradigm: Predictive, Preventive, Personalised and Participatory. This conviction has driven the setting up of Digital Health-Biosciences (DIH bio). DIH bio results from long-term collaborative patterns established around the Campus of International Excellence UAM (Universidad Autónoma de Madrid) + CSIC (Spain´s Scientific Research Council) that includes leading Competence Centres focused on digital and health domains. It has joined 42 Quadruple Helix actors (industry, academia, civil society and public authorities) that have a say in Bio-Health& Digital fields: from deep-tech startups to technology MNCs, research centers, the University, hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, investors, scientific park, business associations, chamber of commerce and public authorities. Also, MoUs have been signed to create Health-related corridors with other EDIH candidates. This has allowed a holistic design of a service portfolio with a high degree of specialization and know-how focused on helping health&Bio related startups, SMEs and public entities to address the challenges of the digital transition. It will support them in using digital technologies, highlighting AI and HPC as critical tools and the relevance of cybersecurity as very sensitive information has to be managed. It also provides a comprehensive life-cycle: from matching partners for the digital transformation process to securing financial resources or training the workforce to upskill their capabilities and devoting particular relevance to TBI activities.
Contact Person(s): Luis Villarrubia
Phone: +34 616 49 38 19
Email: luis.villarrubia@inv.uam.es
Location: Calle Einstein 3, Ciudad Universitaria de Cantoblanco, 28049 Madrid Madrid, Spain
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://dihbio.eu/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Consumer products (low involvement), Education (high involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (moderate involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (low involvement), Personal services (low involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), Communication network (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (low involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Gamification (low involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (low involvement), optoelectronics (low involvement), Mobility (low involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (moderate involvement), Organic and large area electronics (very low involvement), Photonics (low involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (moderate involvement), Robotics (low involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIHCUBE
Title: Digital Italian Hub for ConstrUction and Built Environment
Country: Italy
Description: DIHCUBE aims at establishing the Italian Digital Hub for Construction and the Built Environment. The construction industry is pivotal to the Italian economy (22% of the GDP) and to every citizen’s life, yet it is a sector that suffers from deep backwardness. This is matched by low competitiveness worsened by the recent economic crisis and difficulty in harnessing innovation. The same factors hinder the sustainable transformation of the sector. This is why the Commission has included constructions amongst the 14 priority ecosystems that face the most significant challenges in meeting sustainability goals and in embracing the digital transformation. DIHCUBE will address these issues by bringing together the most advanced research centres and the value chain of the construction industry: SMEs, professionals, suppliers of materials and technology and the public sector. The partners have been chosen to promote a systematic technological shift: they include R&I experts, the Public Sector and specialists in business innovation. Two of them are the most representative organizations of the construction sector; one of them will coordinate the project and will make available its nation-wide network to systematically engage DIHCUBE stakeholders. Given the low level of digitalization in the compartment and the high potential for digital transformation, DIHCUBE services will range from basic digital literacy to advanced pilot coaching for the use of AI and highly specialized consultancy for niche uses. DIHCUBE assistance will be offered across the whole of Italy and will consist of a complete set of services. The Hub will function as a unique access point to the EDIHs network and has already signed an agreement with 6 construction EDIH-candidates. The crisis has deeply hit Italy and the National Recovery Plan has just been deployed. The construction sector, that is central to the Plan, will be able to deliver only if it will undergo a deep green and digital transformation.
Contact Person(s): Marco Iuorio
Phone: +39 0684567299
Email: iuoriom@ance.it
Location: Via guattani 16/18, 00161 Roma RM, Italy
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.dihcube.eu/
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Education (high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Real estate (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Technological innovation (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIHGIGAL
Title: Digital Innovation Hub of the Galician Industry
Country: Spain
Description: Galicia is the 6º Spanish region least digitalized, according to the DiGiX that assesses the factors that enable to fully leverage ICTs for increased competitiveness and well-being. Being 99,92% of Galician companies SMEs, there is a clear need to address digitalization at this scale. Furthermore, manufacture is not only a critical sector for the Digital Europe Programme, but it also represents almost 15% of the Galician economy. European digitalization of SMEs goes necessarily through the digitalization of the Galicia manufacturing SMEs. DIHGIGAL's goal is to boost the digital transformation of all industry focusing on SMEs and mid-caps needs. This will be achieved by the diverse composition of its consortium: *3 leading manufacturing sectors (automotive, naval and food) represented by their clusters (CEAGA, ACLUNAGA & CLUSAGA) bringing together not only their companies (20,000M€ turnover and 50,000 employees) but also their technology centres along with a cross-sectorial ecosystem (Galicia Digital) which opens the EDIH to whole industrial sector. *4 leading competence centres combining the best capacities in HPC and AI represented by CESGA-Supercomputing Centre, ITG and Universities of Vigo and Coruña (which chairs the Spanish Association for AI) along with the private supply through the ICT cluster. *3 complementary agents (FEUGA, KPMG & Inovalabs) to provide service to the entire digital ecosystem. All of them are crucial to implement specialized actions and to extend the scope and impact of the project. In this sense, DIHGIGAL is part of a broader vision aligned with policies at regional (RIS3), national, and European (2030 Digital Compass, Green Deal, and White Paper on AI) level. In terms of the foreseeable impact, over 800 SMEs, mid-caps and public entities are expected to benefit directly from the project and the collaboration with other EDIHs. This is DIHGIGAL commitment to enhance the twin transition in Galicia and, hence, the EU.
Contact Person(s): Josefina Alonso Nocelo
Phone: +34 689 00 88 96
Email: josefina.alonso@dihgigal.com
Location: Avda. Citroën, 3 y 5 – Edificio Zona Franca 1ª Planta, 36210 Vigo Pontevedra, Spain
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://dihgigal.com
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), wholesale or distribution (very high involvement), Textiles (very high involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Circular economy (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (very low involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIHNAMIC
Title: Digital Innovation Hub for Nouvelle-Aquitaine Manufacturing Industry Community
Country: France
Description: Led by a consortium of 13 partners, DIHNAMIC aims to give access to AI-based digital technologies, advanced robotics, digital twinning and intelligent systems. Granting access to these resources is expected to accelerate and guide the green, digital and sustainable transition of 116 innovative manufacturing companies and 8 public authorities from the French Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. With a total number of 600 services delivered over the course 3 years, DIHNAMIC will encourage and support the development of a digitised, resilient and resource-efficient industry in line with trustworthy AI concepts. DIHNAMIC will contribute to the objectives laid-out in policies such as the New Industrial Strategy for Europe, the Digital Europe Programme”, "Europe fit for the Digital Age Strategy”, or the “European Green Deal”. The services offered are designed to foster the uptake of trustworthy AI, in response to the industry's need to adapt to current economic, ecological and societal challenges, while considering applied ethical and environmental aspects in their innovation and digitalisation process. AI-based service follow the recommendations from the “European Trustworthy AI strategy” Links and partnerships will be established with other EDIHs and research centres active in AI, HPC and Cybersecurity. DIHNAMIC will act as a transmission belt, transmitting feedbacks from the regional ecosystem to European authorities while contributing to the implementation of European policies and strategies. DIHNAMIC will also facilitate the access of regional companies to finance, helping companies to raise a total of 2 million euros in additional investment over the course of 3 years. To enable a rapid start of the project, DIHNAMIC has already established a customer journey and developed dedicated delivery channels to favour cross-learning and impactful service delivery.
Contact Person(s): Véronique Desbleds
Phone: +33556151166
Email: v.desbleds@adi-na.fr
Location: 6 allee du doyen georges brus, 33600 Pessac, France
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.dihnamic.eu
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Aeronautics (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Defence (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Transport sector (high involvement)
Provided Services: Technological innovation (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), SME support (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (low involvement), Cybersecurity (low involvement), Logistics (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIHNAMO
Title: Digital Innovation Hub Normandy Advanced MObility
Country: France
Description: nan
Contact Person(s): Benjamin Cheret
Phone: +33 231 531 262
Email: benjamin.cheret@pole-tes.com
Location: 8 rue Leopold Sedar Senghor, 14460 Colombelles, France
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), Vocational training (very low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), Logistics (very high involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Additive manufacturing (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIHSE
Title: DIGITAL INNOVATION HUB SILVER ECONOMY
Country: Spain
Description: The DIHSE promotes the digital transformation of SMEs in the main sectors of the SILVER ECONOMY (policy promoted by the EU 2021-2027): Health, Dependency and Proximity services for elderly people, silver tourism, and silver agri-food. The DIHSE integrates highly specialized and versatile partners with the ability to penetrate and reach companies in the Region. A Public Administration, the DIPUTACION PROVINCIAL OF ZAMORA, coordinates this grouping, guaranteeing the principles of transparency, co-governance, the fight against fraud, and equal opportunities. The Diputacion Provincial of Zamora, has promoted the Silver Economy growth strategy considered a “good practice” at international and European level. The technological specialization of the Consortium is carried out by two large companies: MINSAIT-INDRA, and CARTIF with a high level of development in the field of AI, with innovative solutions in health and gerontechnology, and also in the application of advanced technologies. The other partners guarantee the processes of digital specialization in investment and financial products (CAJA RURAL of Zamora), communication, marketing and dissemination (ATREVIA), research and innovation UNIVERSITY OF BURGOS AND UNIVERSITY OF SALAMANCA), promotion of companies (SUPERIOR COUNCIL OF CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE AND INDUSTRY OF CASTILLA Y LEÓN), and knowledge management in silver tourism through the public company (SEGITTUR). The DIHSE's contribution to the objectives of the Digital Europe Programme is based on an initial vocation to generate a European digital space "Silver Economy" aimed at empowering this productive ecosystem whose solutions are centred on human beings, as stated in the White Paper on AI. The DIHSE will contribute to generate a highly specialized European space, complementing and activating other EDIHs’ resources, covering the needs of local SMEs and public sector organizations regarding digital transformation, promoting networking and widely disseminating th
Contact Person(s): ANA ISABEL SANCHEZ IGLESIAS
Phone: 893897778
Email: ana.sanchez@zamoradipu.es
Location: Plaza viriato s/n, 49071 Zamora Zamora, Spain
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DInO
Title: Digital Innovation Ostbayern
Country: Germany
Description: Rural regions can still benefit most from digitization these days, because the issues of distance and the difficult accessibility of customers and suppliers have driven existing analogue offers into the city. With the help of a comprehensive and functioning broadband network, digital services of general interest and innovative economic levels can be developed, which can create strong added value through the application of new technologies and alternative approaches. This requires the four pillars of the European Digital Innovation Hubs, especially in Eastern Bavaria: "Test before Invest" with the help of a close interlinking of science and business as well as modern open innovation and test labs, "Skills and Training" for the development of user-oriented training on topics of digital technologies and business models, "Support to find Investments" for promoting and finding suitable tenders and research projects so that innovative concepts can be financed , as well as "Innovation Ecosystem and Networking" to build a cross-stakeholder network for digitization and to transform Eastern Bavaria into a leading digital region. The intervention logic of the project takes up the existing competencies of the partners and applies them to the needs of the companies and institutions in the region. The main topics on AI and data-driven technologies, digital business models as well as cyber security, functional safety and HPC addresses the thematic needs and applies them to the dominant sectors of the region (industry with a focus on the construction sector and manufacturing, trade, startups and municipalities). The choice of focus was especially tailored to the needs of regional Small and medium Enterprises (SME) but also Public Sector Entities (PSE).
Contact Person(s): Wolfgang Dorner
Phone: +4985519176410
Email: info@edih-dino.de
Location: Dieter Goerlitz Platz 1, 94469 Deggendorf, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: https://edih-dino.de
Active Sectors: Automotive (moderate involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement)
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIPS
Title: Digitalization and Innovation of Public Services
Country: Italy
Description: The digitalisation of Public Administrations and their services is a fundamental element to ensure European competitiveness, given the influence PA entertains as a stimulus of innovation. Thanks to its digitalisation and to the integration of digital technologies (i.e. AI and CS) in its processes and services, PAs will benefit from increased efficiency. The focus of the Hub Digitalization and Innovation of Public Services (DIPS) is to implement and support the digital transformation of PAs and local companies (Large companies and SMEs) that work with PAs, leveraging on the vast experience of its partners on providing services and solutions for the Public Sector. The geographical focus will be in the Province of Trento IT but with an extended radius towards nearby regions, since the goal is to bring at a national level the solutions developed in the Trentino ecosystem for the challenges and needs of the PA and supplier companies. DIPS consortium includes 8 partners to cover all the core expertise and key roles needed to address DIPS goals: experts in networking, associations deeply rooted in the local ecosystem that can easily reach local players, technological and research experts, experts in access to finance services and finally partners with extensive experience in training workers and professionals. The main objectives are to a) stimulate the ability of the PA to generate demand for innovative digital services and products and the parallel ability of supplier companies to satisfy it; b) grant more efficient and quality services for citizens and businesses; c) manage both the organization side and the human capital of PA through training; d) support the growth of PA supplier companies and e) the whole ecosystem. The services offered will cover testing of infrastructures in advanced digital infrastructures and co-design in common workspaces; training and courses; networking services and dissemination activities; to strategic support services to access to finance.
Contact Person(s): Oscar Mayora
Phone: +390461312475
Email: omayora@fbk.eu
Location: Via Santa Croce 77, 38122 Trento TN, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://www.dipsproject.it/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIS-HUB
Title: Digital Innovation Hub South Tyrol - DIS-HUB
Country: Italy
Description: DIS-HUB (Digital Innovation Hub South Tyrol) is an Italian mature Hub which will fully cover NUTS 2 Region of South Tyrol. The 13 partners have a strong experience in the fields of research, education, innovation, technology, and business services, ensuring a complete set of services to the targeted companies. The heart of DIS-HUB is the technology park of the Region, the NOI Techpark, which is equipped with all the research infrastructures and skills needed: 40 research laboratories, 1 business incubator, 90 tech-companies, 3 Faculties of the University, 4 research institutions. This gives an outstanding advantage in terms of capabilities and outreach. The main objectives of the project are (i) to set up a EDIH in the Region of South Tyrol, (ii) connect it with the EDIH Ecosystem and (iii) to deliver the foreseen services for the target groups, fully in line with Digital Europe Program strategy. DIS-HUB will have a multi-sector technology focus in the field of sustainable agri-food systems, sustainable buildings and energy & water systems, smart rural areas (with special focus on mobility and tourism) and smart manufacturing. DIS-HUB is specialized on Artificial Intelligence (AI) and the related enabling technologies, such as real-time data management, recommender systems, prediction models, computer vision, robotics. DIS-HUB has the ambition to make the region of South Tyrol an open testing environment, in which companies can test their prototypes with real customers and end-users. In the first three years DIS-HUB plans to serve around 420 unique companies. DIS-HUB will actively contribute to European policies and especially to the EU Data Strategy, thanks to the implementation of an open “data space” covering all specialization fields. DIS-HUB expects to gain know-how in other technology fields through the cooperation with other EDIHs and is engaged to promote synergies with other relevant partners, in particular with Enterprise Europe Network (EEN).
Contact Person(s): EDIH NOI
Phone: +39 0471 066 670
Email: edih@noi.bz.it
Location: Via Alessandro Volta 13/a, 39100 Bolzano BZ, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://noi.bz.it/en/institutions/dih-edih
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Health care (high involvement)
Provided Services: Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement), Circular economy (low involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DISTRITO DIGITAL COMUNIDAD VALENCIANA
Title: DISTRITO DIGITAL COMUNIDAD VALENCIANA
Country: Spain
Description: A project capable of using the competitive advantages of the Comunidad Valenciana creating a unique environment to host technological companies and talent. The core of technological transformation and digital economy, the centre of the largest innovation ecosystem of the Mediterranean. Distrito Digital is non-for profit ecosystem supporting the SMEs and other entities in the region, facilitating the digital transisition according the ESPAÑA DIGITAL 2025 strategy, the ESPAÑA PUEDE strategy (supported by NGEU funding) and the AGENDA 2030. All of them aimed to the economic recovery and improvement, mainly focused in the digital transition of all the relevant agents of the economy sectors.
Contact Person(s): Selva Rufino
Phone: +34965315800
Email: rselva@sptcv.net
Location: Avda. jean claude combaldieu s/n ciudad de la luz, edificio de apoyo a producción 3, 03008 Alicante Alicante, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://distritodigitalcv.com/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIU
Title: Digital Innovation Unit
Country: Albania
Description: The Digital Innovation Unit (DIU) is a leading-edge hub in Albania, fostering digital transformation by supporting entrepreneurs, startups, and SMEs. DIU provides a broad spectrum of digitalization services, technology training, networking opportunities, and a dedicated space to test innovations. The unit focuses on key digital domains including Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, Programming, Data Science, Virtual Reality, Blockchain, Animation, and Robotics, ensuring companies increase efficiency, optimize resources, and enhance profitability.
Contact Person(s): Ami Çarçani
Phone: +355 696452301
Email: ami.carcani@meki.gov.al
Location: DESHMORET E 4 SHKURTIT, 1001, Tirana, Albania
Type: EDIH
Website: https://meki.gov.al/
Active Sectors: Education (very high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), wholesale or distribution (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement), Health care (high involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Software Architectures (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DiVA
Title: Digital Valley Albania 1.0
Country: Albania
Description: Digital Valley Albania (DiVA) represents a key strategic effort designed to expedite the digital transformation process for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) throughout Albania, with a particular emphasis on vital industries for the country such as tourism and agriculture. DiVA's primary objective isto facilitate the integration of advanced digital technologies, including Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Cybersecurity, into the SME operational frameworks. This initiative is strategically aligned with the national development priorities of Albania and the digitization goals of the European Union, aiming to significantly enhance the digital competencies of Albanian enterprises. Moreover, it seeks to elevate their Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) standings by promoting the responsible adoption of technology. This initiative plays a critical role in bridging the digital gap within the Albanian SME sector, contributing to the national goal of creating a robust digital economy that is in harmony with European digital standards. DiVA's focused approach on enhancing the digital infrastructure and expertise of SMEs underscores its commitment to fostering economic growth and competitiveness through digital innovation. DiVA will be offering a multitude of services tailored to support the digital advancement of SMEs. These services encompass technology testing before investment, development and training in advanced digital skills, assistance in securing investment, and facilitating access to wider innovation ecosystems. The consortium team is composed of a diverse and highly skilled group of professionals who are well-versed in the realms of digital technology, research, innovation, AI, cybersecurity, and sustainability, united by a shared vision of fostering positive and lasting change within Albania's tourism sector through digitalization.
Contact Person(s): Dr. Elona Çera
Phone: +355 68 558 0465
Email: ecera@umt.edu.al
Location: Godina Qendrore, Rruga Sotir Kolea, 1010, Tirana, Albania
Type: EDIH
Website: https://divalbania.eu/
Active Sectors: Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Education (moderate involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement), wholesale or distribution (moderate involvement), Security (high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (moderate involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (moderate involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), BI tools (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DIVA
Title: Digital Innovation Value Accelerator
Country: France
Description: DIVA is the European Digital Innovation Hub for the Pays de la Loire region, France. It aims at supporting the digital transformation of SMEs. It consists of a one-stop shop that provides services towards the implementation of green and human-centered Artificial Intelligence, data and robotics within companies and public administrations. It adresses as a priority traditional SMEs implementing advanced digital technologies to meet the needs of Agriculture, Agrifood, Energy, Health, Mobility, Aeronautics, Shipbuilding, Sailing, Vehicles, Tourism, as well as start-ups which design digital products and services. DIVA pursues a human-centric, ethical approach to accelerating the best use of technologies and adoption of trustworthy AI according to the values of the European Union. The DIVA consortium brings together 11 partners from the regional ecosystem; technical centers and technology platforms, training & research bodies and competitiveness clusters. They will offer internal services (mutualised by consortium members), as well as a list of external services, to tackle the obstacles encountered when integrating AI and robotics into user activities, such as cost, lack of technical support and internal skills. DIVA will collaborate with the Digital Transformation Accelerator network, in addition to facilitating its own complementary EDIH network. Thus, integrated into a larger network of EDIHs, DIVA aims at: • Implementing AI and digital transformation projects that ensure an ethical and environmental impact • Identifying technologies and tools that are adapted to the needs of the companies • Finding the right providers and the best funding opportunities Over the next three years, DIVA aims at raising awareness among 3,000 organisations, carrying out 480 digital maturity diagnoses and supporting 150 companies with “Test Before Invest” activities, including 50 experiments. The EDIH DIVA budget amounts to €5.9 million for a 36-month duration, representing 839 PM.
Contact Person(s): Simon BOISSERPE
Phone: +32240251313
Email: boisserpe@atlanpole.fr
Location: Chateau de la chantrerie, 44307 Nantes, France
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.edih-diva.eu/en/home/
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (very high involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DMH
Title: Digital Marine Hub
Country: Italy
Description: DMH aims at promoting and facilitating the digital transformation in the nautical and yachting sector, with specific attention both to vessels and infrastructures: boatbuilding, maintenance, and operations. Although the nautical sector is a market in continuous growth in the last eight years, in spite of the pandemic, design and production process in the sector are still MH aims at promoting and facilitating the digital transformation in the nautical sector and in the boat's construction in particular. The rationale behind the choice is that, although being a market in continuous growth in the last eight years, in spite of the pandemic, the design and production processes in the sector are still rather traditional. The size of the companies, often very small, together with the highly customized products hamper the introduction of new technologies. The introduction of digital technologies in the sector has a strong potential in terms of innovation of the products and of the production processes, thus reducing costs and improving competitiveness. But in this historical period, the strong concern about climate change and the particular attention towards the emission reduction from the waterborne sector represent further drivers for the introduction of new solutions enabling reduced GHG emissions and more environmentally friendly products and production processes, in the context of the circular economy. DMH will offer services mainly in HPC and AI techniques. The project gathers together large Universities and Research institutions, a worldwide relevant computing center, SME, business incubators and business angels, technology clusters and industrial associations, an NGO in the field of sustainable development of the Mediterranean. The proposed Hub is widely distributed in Italy with its strong presence in the Italian regions where the concentration of the potential users is the highest and those have the maritime sector as one of the smart specialization strategies.
Contact Person(s): Alessandro IAFRATI
Phone: +39 0650299217
Email: alessandro.iafrati@cnr.it
Location: Piazzale aldo moro 7, 00185 Roma RM, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Maritime (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement), Community-Led Local Development (low involvement), Defence (low involvement), Environment (high involvement), Public administration (low involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Fishery (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), Field trial (moderate involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (low involvement), Sme Business Development (low involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (moderate involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Circular economy (moderate involvement), Regional development (low involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (moderate involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Robotics (low involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Logistics (low involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Docklab
Title: Docklab
Country: Netherlands
Description: BlockLab puts blockchain technology into practice. Rooted in the Port and the City of Rotterdam we develop use cases with alliances of engineers, developers, system players and end users. Our focus is on energy and logistics – the first being Rotterdam’s biggest challenge, the latter our greatest strength. Training and internationalization are supportive tracks.

The project will receive support from many organisations and institutions in the Netherlands, including ABN Amro, Delft University, Royal Flora Holland, Windesheim University of Applied Sciences and the Netherlands Organisation for Applied Scientific Research.

Consortium members will test applications for sharing logistical and contractual information between parties over the next two years.
Contact Person(s): Beije Aljosja
Phone: +31 6 2158 6483
Email: aljosja@docklab.nl
Location: Vasteland 100, 3011 bp, 3011 Rotterdam, Netherlands
Type: DIH
Website: http://docklab.nl/
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: DUTIREG
Title: STEPP Cluster / DUTIREG Nonprofit Kft
Country: Hungary
Description: KET DIH phase (2020-2021) The Digital Innovation Hub in Szeged was first developed within the framework of DIH-World project which provided professional support for the elaboration of Business Plan for DIH focused on photonics and advanced manufacturing as Key Enabling Technologies. S3 DIH phase (2022-2023) The Territorial Responsible Research and Innovation and Smart Specialisation (TetRRIS) project provided professional help to link the digitalisation activities to S3 priorities of the region of Szeged. EPIX DIH phase (from 2024) The cluster development actions of the project Ecosystem Partnership for Interclusters and smart cities eXchanges (EPIX) enabled us to adjust the technology development services to the needs of the regional clusters and the partnering cities, as well. Science, Technology and Educational Platform for Photonics (STEPP) Cluster which is the coordinator organisation of EPIX DIH, is active member in the National Association of Innovative Clusters. DUTIREG Nonprofit Kft as representative of STEPP Cluster and EPIX DIH also takes part in the Hungarian Cluster Alliance which represents the Hungarian clusters in the Monitoring Committee of the Competitiveness Operational Programme on national level. Keywords: photonics
Contact Person(s): Eva Balogh
Phone: +36709074661
Email: hungarianlasercluster@gmail.com
Location: Szeged, Roosevelt ter 14, 6720, Hungary
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.epix-dih.eu/
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Education (moderate involvement), Financial (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (moderate involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (moderate involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (moderate involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Photonics (very high involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Eastern Ukraine EDIH
Title: Empower Sustainable Digital and Green Transformation in East Ukraine’s Key Economic Sectors
Country: Ukraine
Description: The Eastern Ukraine EDIH supports the digital and green transformation of key economic sectors in the Eastern regions of Ukraine, stimulating the adoption of innovative technologies for the sustainability and recovery of the local economy. It also aims to create an innovative ecosystem that will contribute to economic growth, job creation, and qualitative changes in community life.
The Eastern Ukraine EDIH focuses on the most substantial economic sectors in the region severely impacted by Russian aggression – manufacturing, agriculture and energy, and the smart-city initiatives – which are important for post-war recovery and further development in line with European priorities.
The Eastern Ukraine EDIH experts support businesses, communities, and public sector organisations in identifying optimal digital solutions, developing digital skills, raising funding for digital transformation projects, and establishing connections within the ecosystem.
Contact Person(s): Olga Shapoval
Phone: +380 50 327 48 16
Email: olga.shapoval@it-kharkiv.com
Location: HROMADYANSKA STREET 11/13, Kharkiv, Kharkiv oblast, 61057, Ukraine
Type: EDIH
Website: https://it-kharkiv.com
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Consumer products (high involvement), Defence (high involvement), Electricity (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), Leather (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Paper and wood (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Real estate (high involvement), Security (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Textiles (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EasyHPC
Title: easyHPC@eco.plastics.industry.WCG:An open HPC ecosystem for the ecological transformation and the advancement of the competitiveness of the Plastic Industry in the Regions of West & Central Greece
Country: Greece
Description: At “easyHPC” we aim at the digital and ecological transformation of the plastics and packaging industry in Greece. We want to create an open and viral ecosystem, where people can meet, communicate, acquire skills, and respond to industrial challenges or market impulses through open innovation, agility, experimentation, and co-development. We aspire to pave the way to industrial advancement, resilience, and green footprint reduction.
“easyHPC” means for us ‘easy’, ‘digestible’, ‘flexible’, ‘awareness creation’. ‘HPC’ comes from “High Performance Computing”. The fundamental principle underpinned by easyHPC@eco.plastics.industry.WCG, as it is the integral name of the Hub, is the application of supercomputing (HPC) based strategies for Industry 4.0, combined with infrastructure adjustment, high scientific and technological training, advanced knowledge, and pioneering simulation algorithms developed by leading Greek Scientific and Research Laboratories.
In the plastics industry, the material itself is the major problem to face. It does not follow standard and conventional processing rules (industry 4.0 cannot effectively work as a ready to buy black box). Thus, from a rheological perspective, one needs high research and technological competence to handle plastics materials in product design and process development. In this sense, the global experience has shown that HPC simulations and modelling at the Molecular, Mesoscopic, and Macroscopic level, are the most advanced solutions to manage production parameters and conditions to achieve quality and avoid waste. This phenomenon scales up when one comes to the use of bio-based and recycled materials with unknown properties or non-uniform behaviour, which differ significantly from those of original, unprocessed polymers. Furthermore, as EU and society press for sustainability and green growth (consider the microplastics problem at sea and air), modelling and simulated design are of paramount importance.
“easyHPC” has its headquarters in Patras, Greece with a national geographical scope. It is a triangular collaborative initiative between: Several Labs from the Departments of Chemical & Mechanical  Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics and Educational Sciences at the University of Patras and the University of Piraeus; Patras Science Park (PSP), a leading regional incubator and ecosystem supporter for innovative start-ups, and; The Association of Greek Manufacturers of Packaging and Materials (AGMPM) that represents a large number of manufacturers alongside the whole materials value chain, products and applications used in our day‑life.
In addition, “easyHPC” has the support of leading European Plastics Innovation Competence Centers, as well as other related industry organizations such as the ‘Plastics Recyclers Europe’, the ‘Association οf Greek Soft Drinks Industries’, or the ‘Federation of Hellenic Food Industries’. “easyHPC” already collaborates with other four leading EDIHs in similar and complementary fields of expertise.
The Hub endeavours to offer its customers a full range of services. Activities are organised around 4 technical and business-related modules, coupled with management, communication, dissemination and exploitation utilities. The objective is to provide companies an exciting “journey” map and framework to first design, develop and produce new materials with inherent ecological and functional characteristics, using a state-of-the-art production and software platform. Then improve competencies through advanced digital engineering courses, workshops, collaborative projects, student internships programs, and technical business publications.
In collaboration with market experts, create structural and long-last partnerships with leading European sectoral competence and research centres, as well as network with industry ecosystems and communities. Finally perform market and technology intelligence and seek for the most appropriate funding and investment opportunities.

 
Contact Person(s): Professor Dr. Yannis Dimakopoulos
Phone: +302610969565
Email: dimako@chemeng.upatras.gr
Location: University Campus, 26504 Rio, Patras, Greece
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Polymers and plastics (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement), Education (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (moderate involvement), Aeronautics (moderate involvement), Defence (moderate involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (moderate involvement), Maritime (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Circular economy (high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Finance (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: products) (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: ECIPA
Title: ECIPA
Country: Italy
Description: Ecipa developed the following offer of services, which are delivered by the DIH: Orientation activities in the form of awareness-raising workshops about the potential of digital transformation; Assessment of company maturity vis à vis Industry 4.0; Demonstration activities to approach digital technologies practically (e.g. prototyping); Training for SMEs willing to approach digital transformation; Support to the drafting of feasibility analysis of digital transformation processes; Support to the elaboration of digital transformation strategy; Consulting services on how to introduce digital optimisation or innovation; Support for identification of and access to funding opportunities for digital innovation; Networking among relevant stakeholders; Support for scaling up digital transformation with the help of Competence Centers. In 2017, CNA Veneto nominated Ecipa as the organization tasked with the development and management of the Digital Innovation Hub (DIH)
Contact Person(s): Simona Aceto
Phone: +39041928638
Email: innovazione@ecipa.eu
Location: Via della pila 3/b, 30175 Marghera venezia VE, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: https://ecipahub.eu/en/home
Active Sectors: Automotive (moderate involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Education (moderate involvement), Energy (moderate involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), wholesale or distribution (moderate involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), SME support (moderate involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDCASS
Title: EDIH CASSOVIUM
Country: Slovakia
Description: Mission of the project EDIH CASSOVIUM (EDCASS) is to support reinforcement of European critical digital technologies and their best use in green digital transformation of industrial and public ecosystems in the region of the Eastern Slovakia Region (ESK-REG). Consortium of three top-research and innovation institutions in ESK-REG – two internationally recognised universities Technical University in Košice (coordinator) and Pavol Jozef Šafárik University in Košice, and a highly recognised ICT cluster Košice IT Valley. ESK-REG consisting of Košice Self-governing Region and Prešov Self-governing Region, which in European context are classified as “less developing regions” has low level of innovation score and use of digital services, also low an unemployment rate (of 8.2 %) and level of average wages. Therefore, it is important that EDCASS ensures its digital transformation services are easily accessible to all SMEs (95+ % of all companies in ESK-REG) and public institutions. The key goal of EDCASS is to provide one-stop-shop support for four categories of EDIH services with an adequate, knowledge-based, and technically high-quality range of information technologies guaranteed by the ecosystem of the consortium partners. The consortium covers a wide range of multi-sectors and multi-dimensional ICT areas, which fall within research and educational competencies of all partners. EDCASS platform is based on three basic pillars: 1) Artificial Intelligence and Robotics; 2) Industry 4.0/5.0 concepts, application and implementation; 3) Cyber security solutions for commercial and public subjects. In line with its mission, these services and technologies are and will be supported by active links to European DIH, EDIH networks and other European networks (EEN, Startup Europe) and bilateral collaboration with suitable partner research and innovation institutions.
Contact Person(s): Miroslav Michalko
Phone: +421 905 645 420
Email: michalko@edihcassovium.sk
Location: Letná 1/9, 042 00 Košice, Slovakia
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.edihcassovium.sk
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement), Telecommunications (high involvement), Education (high involvement), Aeronautics (moderate involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Metal working and industrial production (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (very low involvement), Mining and extraction (very low involvement)
Provided Services: Prototyping (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement), Finance (low involvement), Circular economy (very low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), optoelectronics (low involvement), Gamification (very low involvement), High performance computing (very low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDI
Title: Elektronikas un datorzinatnu instituts
Country: Latvia
Description: EDI in Riga, Latvia is a non-profit public research institute founded in 1960. Currently, EDI is specializing in the development of Smart Embedded Cooperative Systems (SECS) in the fields of health, mobility, production and space. As EDI is the highest-rated scientific institution in Latvia in the field of engineering and technologies, employing 90+ researchers, we have a unique perspective, expertise and capacity to contribute to solving global challenges. Our mission is to perceive the world and design a better future by creating new knowledge, developing innovative technologies and demonstrating their practical significance in real-life applications. Our goal is to become an internationally recognized research organization and apply our SECS expertise in mobility, industry 4.0, health, digital life and space domains while working in the following research directions: * Extremely precise event timing incl. space domain * Remote sensing and space data processing * Robotics and machine perception * Signal processing and embedded intelligence * Smart sensors and IoT Our objectives to achieve the goal are in line with the challenges and ambitions of the Republic of Latvia and EU development policies, (e.g., the creation of innovative solutions for the digitalization of industry to increase its competitiveness; enhancement of data-based digital life knowledge to ensure the well-being of society; development and transfer of innovative ICT technologies to provide growth of the knowledge-intensive economy, etc.). More here. As we saw that our competencies and developed technologies could be exploited by companies (especially manufacturing companies), in the year 2017, EDI applied and was accepted to be included in the Digital Innovation Hubs (DIH) – Smart Specialisation Platform with the name of “EDI DIH”. This was a defining moment for EDI because since then EDI has been (or still is) involved in 6 DIH initiatives – EDI DIH, two Horizon 2020 projects (TRINITY DIH and DIH-World), SCoDIHNet and 2 European DIHs. Currently, EDI DIH is part of the European DIH (EDIH). Mostly, it is thanks to our expertise and available state-of-the-art research and testing infrastructure (incl., various Testbeds, prototyping tools, high-performance computer servers, design and simulation tools, measurement equipment, etc. (see more here)). All this has allowed us to help dozens of companies to develop new or transform existing technologies, products and services as well as to increase productivity and quality, reduce costs, establish new markets, etc. EDI DIH provided services The list below specifies the typical service offering of the EDI DIH. The services that involve human work usually cost between 40 – 100 €/h (incl. overhead), + other direct costs such as materials, components, modules, travel expenses (if applicable), etc. depending on the specific case. On top of that, if applicable, there might be some costs related to the use of specific intellectual property rights (IPR), but this is specified during negotiation with a client, as costs for the use of specific IPRs have great variation starting from a few hundred euros up to tens or hundreds of thousands of euros. As for the access to infrastructure (state-of-the-art R&D and testing equipment), the price depends on the book value of specific infrastructure items and individual calculations based on specifically designed procedures. The price typically varies from 100-1000 €/week (incl. space and utilities). List: Typical service offering of the EDI DIH TEST BEFORE INVEST * Strategic support to Research, Development and Innovation * Contract research * Technical support on scale-up * Testing and validation * Provision of infrastructure * Test EDI technologies before investing SUPPORT TO FIND INVESTMENT * Support to find appropriate funding programs * Strategic and business development * Support facilities and accelerator support INNOVATION ECOSYSTEM AND NETWORKING * Ecosystem scouting, engagement and management * Ecosystem coordination for projects SKILLS AND TRAINING * Training EDI DIH is part of European DIH, which targets the digitalization of the industry.
Contact Person(s): Kaspars Ozols
Phone: +371 67558161
Email: kaspars.ozols@edi.lv
Location: 14 dzerbenes street, Riga, LV-1006, Latvia
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.edi.lv/en/digital-innovation-hub/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Defence (low involvement), Energy (high involvement), Environment (low involvement), Health care (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Security (low involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Space (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (moderate involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), SME support (moderate involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (low involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), optoelectronics (low involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (low involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (low involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (low involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDI Confcommercio
Title: EDI.it srl
Country: Italy
Description: EDI (Ecosistema Digitale per l’Innovazione), the Digital Innovation Hub of Confcommercio, plays a pivotal role in supporting businesses through the challenges of digital and sustainable transformation. The DIH is part of the national and European network of organizations designed to foster the integration of digital technologies into businesses. Following a detailed overview of the main activities: 1. Awareness and Cultural Diffusion EDI is committed to spreading digital culture and innovation among businesses, especially focusing on SMEs in sectors like tourism, commerce, logistics and transportation, professional services, advanced tertiary services, and business to consumer services. It conducts workshops, seminars, meetings, and conferences led by innovation experts. 2. Business Assessment EDI provides tools for self-assessment and expert evaluations of digital, technological, financial, and sustainability maturity. This includes analyzing the technologies adopted, management systems, financial and technical capabilities. The aim is to diagnose needs and guide businesses towards the most appropriate digital and innovative solutions, ranging from training to project design and digital services. 3. Training EDI provides modular training pathways on key themes of digital transformation, innovation, and enabling technologies. These training programs are tailored to the needs of target businesses and include video lessons, webinars, seminars, project work, and courses that cover a broad spectrum of topics from digital literacy to specialized technology use. EDI also conducts "Train-the-Trainer" activities to ensure the information and assistance provided to businesses are up-to-date and highly qualified. 4. Research & Innovation Projects EDI participates in research and innovation projects with a special focus on digital transformation, key enabling technologies, and sustainability. It promotes projects at both national and international levels that facilitate business aggregations and partnerships, focusing on industrial research, experimental development, innovation, training, and technology transfer across a range of sectors. 5. Funding and Investment Search EDI assists businesses in accessing private, public, local, national, and European financial tools for investments in digital transformation. Additionally, EDI offers a catalog of project ideas to support SMEs innovation projects. 6. Specialized Consulting Through personalized support, EDI offers consultancy in adopting new digital and enabling technologies, drafting business plans and models, and supports businesses with acceleration services and business clinics. EDI's marketplace aggregates qualified technology partners to provide digital and innovative solutions, facilitating the match between supply and demand in innovation. 7. Networking and Ecosystems EDI fosters a network of collaborations and interactions among key stakeholders in the digitalization process, including SMEs, startups, entrepreneurs, competence centers, universities, research centers, technology parks, investors, and local authorities. This ecosystem facilitates the flow of information and resources among innovation actors and promotes the transfer of skills and knowledge, connecting networks across the national territory. 8. Open Innovation EDI organizes contests and challenges to stimulate competition of startups in generating innovative ideasfor traditional SMEs. It supports businesses in validating and prototyping innovative project ideas and products through scouting, testing, and mentorship activities. EDI actively engages in regional, national, and European policy initiatives aimed at digitizing the industry. At the EU level, EDI is involved in the Digital Europe Programme within the European Digital Innovation Hubs initiative to fostering digital innovation across Europe. It is also part of the network recognized by the National Enterprise 4.0 Plan and at national level it is acknowledged as the leader of EDI 5.0, a new Digital Innovation Hub funded by the Italian Ministry of Made in Italy. EDI has also been actively involved in the national government programme "Repubblica Digitale" through its programs SpintaDigitale and EDITraining, which focus on digital literacy and skills development. EDI through its local network collaborates also with regional partners to promote digital transformation at the territorial level, contributing significantly to the educational and skill development efforts of policy initiatives.
Contact Person(s): Nicola Bianchi
Phone: +39 06 5866 241
Email: n.bianchi@ediconfcommercio.it
Location: Piazza g.g. belli 2, 00153 Roma RM, Italy
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.ediconfcommercio.it/en/edi-en/
Active Sectors: Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Financial (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (moderate involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Maritime (moderate involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), wholesale or distribution (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement), Security (high involvement), Smart City (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement)
Provided Services: Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), BI tools (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Gamification (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDICS
Title: Enabling Digitalisation In the Construction Sector
Country: Bulgaria
Description: EDICS project is a collaborative effort of 11 prominent Bulgarian organizations in the construction sector with nationwide coverage and established ecosystems which combine (1) complimentary expertise in digital technologies in the construction sector (2) policy making regarding the development of the construction sector in Bulgaria (3) business networks for clean technologies, innovation and sustainable development (4) technology transfer and access-to-finance capabilities (5) vocational trainings and educational programmes (6) access to Pan-European networks (7) R&D of innovative technologies and greener building materials. The 12th Partner in the Consortium is the newly established NGO “European Digital Innovation Hub” founded by the rest of the project Participants to ensure sustainability of project results. EDICS project main objective is to boost the adoption of advanced digital technologies in the construction in Bulgaria by providing specialized services to SMEs and public sector fitted to their needs and challenges in the green transformation while at the same time acting as a connector to the entire EDIH network and the large pool of digitalization services on a European scale. For doing so, the EDICS project will set up and develop a European Digital Innovation Hub in the Construction Sector (EDIHCS) based in Sofia (Bulgaria), integrating expertise, networks and resources for offering tailor-made services in digitalization of the construction sector. The EDIHCS will act as a one-stop shop for SMEs and public organizations in their journey for digitalization guiding them in the process of assessing their digital maturity, providing the best-fitting services to their specific needs and challenges including test before invest, acceleration and access to finance, and establishing synergies with international networks and platforms for further scale-up of locally-produced innovation.
Contact Person(s): Lyubomir Peynovski
Phone: 02 806 29 10
Email: l.peynovski@edih-construction.bg
Location: ul. Mihail Tenev 6, 1784 Sofia, Bulgaria
Type: EDIH
Website: http://edih-construction.bg
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Digital twins (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Location-based applications (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Adria
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub Adriatic Croatia
Country: Croatia
Description: Experts who offer knowledge, experience and problem-solving skills

The EDIH Adria consortium includes two scientific research institutions (the University of Rijeka and the University of Pula), global technology leaders in their fields (Ericsson Nikola Tesla and Infobip, the first Croatian unicorn), business support institutions (Step Ri, the leading Croatian Institution for Business Support), and a technological innovation cluster (Rijeka Development Agency Porin - local development agency for entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial incubator system). The project is built on two essential technologies that are in great demand in Croatia: artificial intelligence (AI) and high-performance computing (HPC).
EDIH Adria will assist enterprises in accelerating the integration of modern technology, training their personnel, identifying finance options, and establishing links with key regional, national, and European actors. To further meet these objectives, the EDIH Adria project partners will work together to provide a variety of services to future users.
Support for all aspects of digital transformation

For most businesses, digital transformation requires a shift from a traditional mindset to a collaborative and experimental approach. While these new approaches to business reveal solutions that can improve the customer experience, drive employee innovation, and drive company growth at the grassroots level, they can be too much of a burden for many businesses without adequate professional and financial support.
EDIH Adria's planned operations provide support with different aspects of digital transformation, including digital strategy, processes, technology, digital culture, and human resources. They include an elaborate set of digitization and education services for users, as well as networking, complementing, and cooperating with other EDIHs in the European Union, which encourages the development of an ecosystem in which entrepreneurs, employers' associations, and support institutions, on the one hand, academic and educational sectors, on the other, and the public sector and policymakers, on the third, form the ecosystem with significant financial support.

Ensuring the development of an innovative and resilient business ecosystem in the Adriatic Croatia

In addition to EDIH's advisory services and determining the potential for the digital transformation of business and measuring progress, evaluating potential investments, and identifying changes that will create the greatest benefits for business and competitiveness, future users will be assisted in finding new business opportunities and markets, internationalizing business, and enhancing cooperation through networking and active participation in the innovation ecosystem. Most significantly, prospective customers of EDIH Adria consortium specialists' services will be able to test and deploy digital technologies in their businesses, as well as attend practical and applicable training suited to individual needs.
Contact Person(s): EDIH Adria Management Team
Phone: +38551406500
Email: edih.adria@uniri.hr
Location: Trg brace mazuranica 10, 51000 Rijeka, Croatia
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.edihadria.eu
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (high involvement), Electricity (high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Maritime (high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Anadolu
Title: EDIH Anadolu
Country: Türkiye
Description: The EDIH-Anadolu consortium unites 17 distinguished partners with extensive expertise in collaboration and innovation, forming a strong foundation to advance digital transformation. Coordinated by the Adana Chamber of Industry, the consortium comprises 16 diverse organizations, including 3 regional development agencies, 4 science and technology centers, 5 universities, 2 model factories, and 2 organized industrial zones.
Covering nine provinces—Adana, Adıyaman, Gaziantep, Hatay, Kahramanmaraş, Kilis, Konya, Mersin, and Osmaniye—the hub serves a population of nearly 13 million (15% of Türkiye) and spans an area of 109,480 square kilometers. The region generates an annual export volume of $30 billion (2022), with 40% directed to the EU, and is home to 82 companies ranked among Türkiye's top 500 industrial enterprises.
EDIH-Anadolu aims to establish a vibrant ecosystem for digital innovation, empowering local SMEs, entrepreneurs, and public institutions. With a focus on key sectors such as textiles, food, metals, machinery, and public services, the hub promotes digital transformation through state-of-the-art technologies, including artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, and advanced digital tools. By evaluating digital maturity, developing tailored digitalization roadmaps, and delivering feasibility reports, EDIH-Anadolu equips businesses to adopt and test digital solutions effectively.
Aligned with the European Green Deal, EDIH-Anadolu emphasizes sustainability and environmentally friendly practices. Through its extensive network, the hub offers specialized training to develop digital mentors, connects businesses with technology providers and investors, and actively participates in capacity-building initiatives under the Digital Transformation Accelerator. By fostering innovation, sustainability, and competitiveness, EDIH-Anadolu is set to become a regional leader in driving digital transformation across industries.
Contact Person(s): Halis Can SIRE
Phone: +90 322 436 63 63 - 153
Email: haliscansire@adaso.org.tr
Location: Doseme Mah. Turhan Cemal Beriker Bul No:134 Seyhan, 01130 Adana, Türkiye
Type: EDIH
Website: https://adaso.org.tr/
Active Sectors: Education (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Textiles (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Paper and wood (high involvement), Automotive (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Field trial (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement), Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Internet of Things (high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), BI tools (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH B4I
Title: Brain 4 Industry (B4I)
Country: Czechia
Description: The DIH Brain 4 Industry (B4I) was established in 2019 as a support tool to enhance the competitiveness of business through the introduction of digitization, ATI and advanced production technologies in business or production processes. B4I services target mostly SMEs that form the basic structure of the Czech industry. The scope of services corresponds to the specific conditions of the Czech Republic especially to the high contribution of the manufacturing industry to the creation of added value – in 2019 EU 28: 16.6%; CR: 24.8%, Central Bohemian Region: 37.6% (OECD report). The mix of services offered by B4I is well balanced with respect to specific needs of our clients and partners. It is in compliance with strategic goal. B4I services are flexible and rely not on internal expertise as well as on our extensive network of external experts. The B4I consortium consists of partners that have (i) unique technological expertise in the area of digitization, AI, 3D printing, lasers and new materials; (ii) already existing network of clients from the SME sector; (iii) experience and ability with developing and delivering value added market and client consulting services. This mix of expertise under one roof guarantees that B4I can achieve complex goals in EDIH project. The B4I is an integral part of the STAR region with the presence of top science and applied research and technological and innovative companies. STAR has a functional innovation eco-system. B4I consortium has developed a strong linkages to other important actors in the innovation ecosystem in other regions in CR. We can use it not only in exchanging experience but also in developing new services, generate network of external experts and also exchanging clients between the centers.
Contact Person(s): Jana De Merlier
Phone: +420728476117
Email: demerlier@fzu.cz
Location: Za Radnicí 828, 25241 Dolní Břežany, Czechia
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.brain4industry.cz/
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (high involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), Defence (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Space (moderate involvement), Energy (low involvement), Life sciences (low involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Education (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (low involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (very high involvement), optoelectronics (low involvement), Photonics (low involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH BRETAGNE
Title: EDIH Bretagne - One-stop shop to accelerate the digitization and Cybersecurity of SMEs/MCs/PSOs through training, test before invest, support to find investment and EU networking services
Country: France
Description: EDIH Bretagne is a one-stop shop to accelerate the digitization and Cybersecurity of SMEs/MCs/PSOs having innovation at the heart of its value proposition, and working in the key sectors of S3 of the Brittany Region: digital society, maritime, health, industrial applications and agri-food, through training, test before invest, support to find investment and EU networking services. It aims to boost regional R&D&I to increase the competitiveness of regional players by offering them new tools and the support they need. For companies (mainly SMEs), this means ensuring their digital transformation by offering them a set of individual services that are part of a journey that begins with a maturity assessment and a digital diagnosis (including Cyber and/or AI) followed by an action plan, according to their needs. The services will be provided on an open, transparent and non-discriminatory basis. The project targets SMEs (>10 employees) as a priority, MCs (
Contact Person(s): Manon Le Yeuc’h
Phone: + 33 6 07 16 15 00
Email: mleyeuch@images-et-reseaux.com
Location: Bâtiment bcom, 1219 Avenue des Champs Blancs, 35510 Cesson-Sévigné, France
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Defence (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Security (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Space (high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Field trial (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Innovation management (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (moderate involvement), Technological innovation (moderate involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), optoelectronics (moderate involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Photonics (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Corsica.ai
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub Corsica.ai
Country: France
Description: EDIH Corsica.ai specialises in a digital hub for AI for Corsica and the Mediterranean area. This EDIH consists of a consortium of 6 companies and associations who will propose the following services: -Led by Aflokkat and including contributions from ESTIA, a digital training service offer for continuous and professional development will specialise in AI and robotics. -Coordinated by Corsica.ai and partners ESTIA and SITEC, will propose an R&D prototyping offer in AI including needs evaluation, data analysis, prototyping, impact analysis and documentation delivery. -Led by FemuQuì Ventures, investment research services will be provided including seed funds for R&D projects, investment guidance, and Matchmaking Venture Capitalist events. -Led by GoodBarber and including services from SITEC, EDIH Corsica.ai’s service offering will be rounded out with a series of Innovation & Networking services including thematic conferences on the subject of the digital transition, a Start-Up Studio, and the provision of a 10Gb/s global connectivity offer. All services will be made available to both private SMEs and the public sector in the Corsican region and throughout Europe, in concertation with other French and European EDIHs. Through an online collaborative platform, the consortium will make available their service offerings, prices, and upcoming events. The principal objective of the EDIH Corsica.ai is to provide Corsica with a resilient and high-level technological hub enabling it to make its digital transition within a national and European framework. In addition to the above services, which will equip the local SMEs and public institutions with the tools necessary to compete at the European and international level, the EDIH Corsica.ai will actively contribute to the EDIH ecosystem including the DTA and other EDIHs, notably through the French EDIH Corridor and the iSLANDIHs initiatives.
Contact Person(s): Benjamin Pereney
Phone: +33628038384
Email: benjamin@aflokkat.com
Location: Centre a stella lieu-dit effrico, 20167 Sarrola carcopino, France
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.corsica.ai/
Active Sectors: Health care (very low involvement), Financial (moderate involvement), Education (moderate involvement), Public administration (very low involvement)
Provided Services: Vocational training (very high involvement), Technology transfer (moderate involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Prototyping (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Robotics (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH CTU
Title: EDIH Czech Technical University in Prague
Country: Czechia
Description: The EDIH CTU represents a major European Digital Innovation Hub in the Czech Republic in the field of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) transferring trustworthy solutions and services to the industry, health, transportation and energy sectors. The EDIH CTU, with its vision "Inspire & Make the Czech AI-driven Industry", aims to become the innovation and technology leader in providing professional AI/ML services for the local SMEs, small mid-caps and public sector organizations with respect to their digital and green transformation. The strong consortium partners representing academia, the business sector and key associations of enterprises in the Czech Republic provide sufficient know-how, expertise and state-of-the-art experimental facilities to serve the needs of the public and private sectors at the national and also international levels. The major focus is on promoting digital transformation adoption, providing high-quality services, education and knowledge sharing, pursuing ecosystem development, and establishing strong inter-EDIH collaboration. The consortium builds upon already existing partnerships in AI and manufacturing enabling best practice sharing, expertise exchange, and joint activities seeking far-reaching synergies thus strengthening the far-reaching impacts of the European network of EDIHs.
Contact Person(s): Barbora Zochova
Phone: +420 224 354 149
Email: barbora.zochova@cvut.cz
Location: Jugoslavskych partyzanu 1580/3, 160 00 Praha, Czechia
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.edihctu.eu
Active Sectors: Telecommunications (high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Electricity (high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Nuclear (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Space (high involvement)
Provided Services: Technology transfer (high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Circular economy (moderate involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Vocational training (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), BI tools (very high involvement), Gamification (high involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH DIGICARE
Title: EDIH Digital Innovation for Healthcare (DIGICARE)
Country: Germany
Description: The main objective of the EDIH DigiCare is to create one of the central service hubs in Europe for digitalization with the focus on healthcare. All its services and values will primarily support two target groups: SMEs in the healthcare sector and healthcare providers. DigiCare aims to decrease time to market for products that foster innovation through digitalization and match these solutions to the needs of patients and healthcare providers through our services. To help digital products and services to get faster on the market we will support the SMEs from the idea, throughout funding, business model generation, development, testing and evaluation, implementation, certification to market access and product life cycle. By faster delivering new healthcare products and services matched with the needs of our healthcare system, economic situation, growing and aging population and technological development, we can assure better and greener healthcare services for the public domain, faster and cost-effective solutions for the healthcare providers and the patients.Within the four sectors testing before investing, support to find investment, training and skills development, and networking and access to innovation ecosystems several support solutions that are regionally already available will be scaled to EU wide access by the consortium. This includes services for an EU wide mass access e.g. community platforms and digital training as well as matchmaking platforms with large educational programs with digital packages as well as individual coaching, open innovation challenges and real-world lab assessments. The region of Erlangen-Nuremberg (Mittelfranken/Middle Franconia) is perfectly suited for the role of a hub for digitalization in healthcare as it is one of the leading spots for innovation according to the European Innovation Scoreboard. Especially its renowned industry, university, science, and healthcare providers have a leading position in innovation in healthcare.
Contact Person(s): Anna Goldsworthy
Phone: +499131916170
Email: anna.goldsworthy@medical-valley-emn.de
Location: Henkestraße 91, 91052 Erlangen, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Automotive (moderate involvement), Financial (high involvement), Health care (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Robotics (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH DIGIHUB
Title: IMPROVING THE COMPETITIVENESS OF SMEs AND PSOs IN THE SOUTH-EAST REGION OF BULGARIA THROUGH INTEGRATED INNOVATIVE DIGITAL SOLUTIONS
Country: Bulgaria
Description: The main objective of DIGIHUB is to support the digital transformation of SMEs and PSOs in the SouthEast region of Bulgaria by providing a wide range of services in the context of regional/municipal strategies aiming to boost the innovative potential of SMEs and to improve the digitalisation of public services deliveries. The DIGIHUB services are structured on four pillars, and are based upon an strong expertise of the entities involved in the Consortium with an special emphasis on the domains of AI, cybersecurity, big data, ICT and distributed ledger technologies, and with focus on the leading economic sectors of the SouthEast region (energy/health/transport/logistics/tourism). The target users of DIGIHUB services are: -the companies active in the leading economic sectors of the SouthEast region with the main target to reach at least 166 SMEs with test before invest and business advisory support, accompanying the most prominent 30 digital projects in the process of searching additional funding opportunities to implement digital transformation plans; -the municipalities of Burgas,Pomorie,Sliven, the state company "Port infrastructure" and the ILPB (Industrial and Logistic Parк-Burgas), and two universities, with the aim to support the digital transformation of public services deliveries and ensuring that DIGIHUB plays a key brokering role between local administrations and relevant companies providing e-government services and technologies. DIGIHUB organization is built upon a solid structure and consolidated expertise involving ICT Cluster Burgas, Burgas municipality, DINT Foundation, two universities (UNIAZ/BFU), together with the BAS-Burgas and AIBEST, offering an unique base to position DIGIHUB as the key EDIH in the SouthEast region of Bulgaria, and as the main window bridging technological complementarities with other EDIHs at national and international level, and supporting actively the DTA on its engine role for the monitoring of EDIHs services.
Contact Person(s): Petko Georgiev
Phone: +359890962222
Email: p.georgiev@digihub.bg
Location: 28, Kniaz Alexander Batenberg St., 8000 Burgas, Bulgaria
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://digihub.bg
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement), Automotive (high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Technological innovation (very high involvement), Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), data (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Digital Trust
Title: The European Digital Innovation Hub for digital trust and emerging digital technologies
Country: Liechtenstein
Description: With the adoption of digital technologies rapidly increasing, citizens are also leaving a stronger footprint in the digital world. At the same time, AI-based applications leverage the ability to integrate independent data trails from citizens for commercial use. But, this technological evolution is being ignited by the trend among customers to protect their data. Therefore: digital trust matters. The EDIH for Digital Trust in Liechtenstein aims to address this need for privacy by promoting digital innovations that set decentralization and data protection against centralization and intrusiveness. While data protection laws in Europe have often been resented as rigid, we see an exciting opportunity to promote digital technologies, solutions and business ideas that enable more digital trust between businesses, public institutions and citizens. That's why our EDIH focuses on four areas that inherently support this vision of greater digital trust: blockchain-/distributed ledger technology, regulation of emergent technologies, cybersecurity, and digital business model innovation. Our EDIH's service landscape covers the full SMEs journey from ideation through design/prototyping iterations to implementation of digital technologies and helping to find financing. The service landscape builds on the strong network of digital-liechtenstein.li, which offers leading expertise in the selected technological areas, accompanied by experience in supporting SMEs to implement digital technologies. Together, these strengths open up a fertile ground for SMEs to innovate, creating a competitive advantage for Europe in global markets.
Contact Person(s): Patrick Stahl
Phone: 00423 231 18 28
Email: info@digital-liechtenstein.li
Location: Wuhrstrasse 7, 9490 Vaduz, Liechtenstein
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://www.digital-liechtenstein.li
Active Sectors: Financial (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Security (low involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH innovATE
Title: EDIH innovATE – The European Digital Innovation Hub for Agrifood, Timber and Energy
Country: Austria
Description: Small and medium-sized enterprises (SME) are the backbone of the Austrian and EuropeanSmall and medium-sized enterprises (SME) are the backbone of the Austrian and European economy, drivers of innovation and essential for our prosperity. Digitalization and innovation skills are crucial for SME to be able to survive international competition in the future and to achieve the European Union’s (EU) twin objective of a green transition and digital transformation. The European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) candidate EDIH innovATE aims to support these objectives and to create a sustainable and fair European economy. EDIH innovATE achieves this by accelerating the digital transformation of SME in the agriculture, food, timber, and energy sector (ATE) by focusing on Artificial Intelligence (AI), Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) and Advanced Digital Skills. By improving digitalization in the ATE industries EDIH innovATE strengthens the world’s ability to feed a growing population, prevent forest decline, use resources efficiently, generate green energy and keep a thriving ecosystem. EDIH innovATE’s goal is to advance Austria and Europe as a location for innovation by training highly qualified SME workers, creating new companies and jobs, counteracting rural exodus, and creating opportunities for exchange with the best in Europe through the EDIH network. Through increased digitalization, we also promote resilience in crises, e.g., climate change, globalization, COVID-19 crisis. That is why EDIH innovATE acts as one-stop-shop for digital innovation in the ATE industries for SME offering hands-on trainings, workshops, test-before-invest activities, networking events, prototype projects, SME accelerator and access to finance. EDIH innovATE builds its experience on an exceptional track record of the national Digital Innovation Hub (DIH) innovATE and its 10 renown digitalization and industry expert partner organizations that together with the DIH build the EDIH innovATE consortium.
Contact Person(s): Martina Wick
Phone: +43 1 522 41 99
Email: martina.wick@tech-house.io
Location: Siebensterngasse 31/11, 1070 Vienna, Austria
Type: EDIH
Website: https://dih-innovate.at
Active Sectors: Energy (very high involvement), Paper and wood (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Circular economy (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Kyiv HiTech
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub “Kyiv HiTech”
Country: Ukraine
Description: A key platform uniting different stakeholders of Kyiv region and other regions of Ukraine through digital innovation. We support businesses and public organizations in implementing cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence, blockchain, cybersecurity, the Internet of Things, cloud computing, additive manufacturing, digital twins, and data spaces. Our expertise covers AgriTech, Industry 4.0, MedBioTech, Energy 4.0, industrial electronics, and Smart Cities.
We offer services to support the digital transformation, international cooperation, and integration with European digital ecosystem.
Contact Person(s): Lesia Sobolevska
Phone: +380956296763
Email: lesia.sobolevska@gmail.com
Location: 42a Winston Churchill Street, Kyiv, 02094, Ukraine
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://www.edih-kyivhitech.com/
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Community-Led Local Development (low involvement), Construction & Assembly (low involvement), Defence (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Electricity (high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (moderate involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Financial (moderate involvement), Food and beverages (very low involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Mining and extraction (very low involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (low involvement), Personal services (moderate involvement), Security (moderate involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Telecommunications (very low involvement), Transport & Mobility (very low involvement), Transport sector (very low involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Public sector innovation (low involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (moderate involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (moderate involvement), products) (very low involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (low involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), data (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), High performance computing (very low involvement), Human computer interaction (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (high involvement), Location-based applications (very low involvement), optoelectronics (low involvement), Photonics (high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (low involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Software Architectures (low involvement), Virtual Reality (very low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH L
Title: EDIH Lombardia
Country: Italy
Description: EDIH L - M.I.A. Lombardia
The mission of EDIH Lombardia (EDIH L) is to lead and implement the digital and sustainable twin transition of Lombardy’s manufacturing industry through a comprehensive portfolio of services provided by its partners. Recognized as a EDIH and awarded the "Seal of Excellence", EDIH Lombardia plays a key role in driving digital and sustainable transformation in Lombardy, one of Europe’s most productive regions.
Recently renamed as Manufacturing Innovation Alliance (M.I.A.) Lombardia, the organization is a consortium of 12 partners dedicated to supporting manufacturing companies in their digitalization efforts, in alignment with European and national industrial policies. The consortium includes 1 Competence Center, 1 Digital Innovation Hub (both listed in the JRC catalogue), 4 Technology Clusters, 3 Business Associations, 1 Financial Institution, 2 EIT Nodes.
M.I.A. Lombardia aims to support digitalization and sustainability in the manufacturing sector, with a particular focus on SMEs. It offers a broad range of tailored services, including consultancy, training, and access to funding, helping companies adopt innovative technologies, enhance competitiveness, and drive sustainable transformation.
Specific Objectives


Supporting digital and sustainable transformation:M.I.A. Lombardia guides manufacturing companies through their digitalization journey, promoting the adoption of advanced technologies to improve efficiency and sustainability. This includes Industry 4.0 solutions and greener, more digitalized processes.


Providing personalized services:The hub offers tailored services such as technical consultancy, training, and audits, adapting to each company's specific needs. This approach enables businesses to tackle digitalization challenges with the right tools and scalable solutions based on their digital maturity level.


Leveraging NRRP funds and state incentives:Through PNRR financing and various incentives, M.I.A. Lombardia provides companies with financial resources to support the adoption of innovative technologies. These funds are allocated based on company size, with some incentives covering up to 100% of costs for micro and small enterprises.


Promoting advanced technological skills:M.I.A. Lombardia organizes awareness-raising and training initiatives to help companies understand and implement new technologies. By offering testing programs and prototype development, businesses can evaluate technological solutions before large-scale investments, reducing risks and accelerating digital transformation.


As part of M.I.A. Lombardia, MADE coordinates the “EDIH Manufacturing Network – EDIH4MANU”, an open, informal collaboration network of 25 EDIH candidates from 15 EU countries. This network aims to connect Europe’s most advanced manufacturing regions, share specializations, best practices, competencies, and services, and promote the digital transition of European industry.
Contact Person(s): Carlo Ongini
Phone: +39 3331735358
Email: carlo.ongini@made-cc.eu
Location: Piazza Leonardo Da Vinci 32, 20133 Milano MI, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://www.mialombardia.it/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Life sciences (high involvement), Textiles (high involvement), Aeronautics (high involvement), Education (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Automotive (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Circular economy (high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH LA REUNION
Title: Developing cybersecurty in the digital transition of European outermost regions
Country: France
Description: Very small and small and medium-sized enterprises (VSEs and SMEs) are essential to strengthen European digital transformation and cybersecurity, and this is even more true for the outermost region such as La Reunion which drives innovation as key to future development. RUN EDIH is led by REUNION THD, a regional agency which will host the future cybersecurity resource center of the region (2023), also in charge of implementing the region Smart Specialization Strategy (S3). 5 others partners will collaborate, each specialized one of the 4 pillars of EDIH encompassing: test before investing (CLUSIR), training and skills development (CCIR), support to find investments (NEXA) and networking and access to innovation ecosystems (TECHNOPOLE), all articulated around an integrative one-stop-shop (DIGITAL). 15 external partners will reinforce skills/expertise to support target beneficiaries among a total of 63.350 SMEs, 21.250 VSEs and 31 PO in La Reunion. Digitalization and cybersecurity innovation abilities are essential for SMEs to thrive international competitiveness in the future and to meet the EU twin goals of green transition and digital transformation. RUN EDIH aims to reinforcing the critical digital capacities of SMEs as well as public organization (PO) (31); In particular e-health (61 SMEs), sea/maritime (411 SMEs) and aerial sectors (110 SMEs) in terms of cybersecurity, while contributing to Digital Europe Program strategic objectives in implementing a tailor-made digital hub, not only replicable to other EU outermost regions but also contributing to already established EDIH all across EU. This tailor-made consortium will be able to strengthen competitiveness and cybersecurity level while benefiting 150 SMEs with test before investing, to offer trainings to 500 companies and trigger private investments in 90 companies within the next 3 years. RUN EDIH will significantly increase the cybersecurity digital maturity of 150 SMEs and 20 PO in La Reunion.
Contact Person(s): Sébastien COHELEACH
Phone: +262 692 66 29 56
Email: edih@reunionthd.re
Location: 2 et 6 rue d’Emmerez de Charmoy, 97490 Sainte Clotilde, France
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.cyber-reunion.fr/edih/
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (high involvement), Health care (low involvement), Maritime (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement)
Provided Services: Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), SME support (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Cybersecurity (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: eDIH La Rioja 4.0
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub EDIH La Rioja 4.0
Country: Spain
Description: Digital Innovation Hub eDIH La Rioja 4.0 main mission is boosting growth and competitiveness through the digital transformation of Rioja Industry. It focuses its actions on AgrI food sector due to its importance on regional economic activity but it also takes attention todigital needs of other relevant sectors, such as the automotive or footwear industry. It creates a wide ecosystem that fosters innovation and digitalization, focusing especially on SME’s, through access to the latest state-of-art digital solutions with the objective of facing Digital Transformation on industry products, processes or business models. Rioja’s Innovation ecosystem is based on a strong relationship between main innovative agents in the region, such as investigation centers, big companies, SMEs, technological centers, sectorial clusters, and business associations among others. In order to fit regional industry requirements, eDIH La Rioja 4.0 products and services have been designed taking into account competitive advantages and strengths and the priority areas identified in the Regional Smart Speciation Strategy (RIS3)
Contact Person(s): Jose Angel Lacalzada Esquivel
Phone: nan
Email: jalacalzadae@larioja.org
Location: Calle general vara de rey numero 3, 26001 Logroño Madrid, Spain
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: nan
Active Sectors: 
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: 
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH MADRID REGION
Title: EDIH MADRID REGION
Country: Spain
Description: Madrid is a Spanish region covering only 1.6% (8,030 km2) of the country’s area but it generates 19,3% of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and where 14,2% (6.7 million) of the population of the Country live. Madrid Region has one of the major enterprise’s densities of all country, 85.8 companies per 1,000 inhabitants and it concentrates near 16,2% of all companies in Spain. In total, there are 552,027 enterprises in the Region . This makes Madrid Region a Business decision Centre. The EDIH MADRID REGION is created with the aim of being the reference Centre to improve the digitization of both public sector and small and medium-sized companies in Madrid Region. To achieve this ambitious goal, EDIH MADRID REGION is made up of a powerful consortium of 11 partners. EDIH MADRID REGION is led (coordinated) and co-financed by the regional government of Madrid. One of the members of the consortium is the Fundación para el Conocimiento madri+d (Fmi+d), which is the coordinator of the Madrid node of the European Enterprise Network (EEN). In this way, it is ensured that EDIH MADRID REGION will offer a continuous service with EEN and Startup Europe. Among the EDIH MADRID REGION partners there are several partners who have a deep understanding of the needs of the entities to which the services to be provided by the EDIH are addressed. EDIH MADRID REGION partners include several partners with extensive experience in developing solutions based on the key digital technologies of the Digital Europe programme. Based on the key sectors identified in the previous strategy, the regional policies in various areas, the priorities of the Digital Europe program and the experience of the partners of the EDIH MADRID REGION consortium, it has been decided to prioritize the following economic sectors to give their digitization support services: o SMEs in the services sector o SMEs in the industrial sector: Industry 4.0 o Regional and municipal public administration o The area of mobility
Contact Person(s): Pedro Jesus Rodriguez
Phone: +34 914936788
Email: sociedadyeconomia.digital@madrid.org
Location: Calle del Maestro Ángel Llorca, 6, 28003 Madrid Madrid, Spain
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Personal services (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Aeronautics (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (moderate involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (moderate involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH NEB
Title: EDIH Northern and Eastern Bohemia
Country: Czechia
Description: The main objective of EDIH NEB is to support the digital transformation of SMEs, start-ups, mid-caps, and public entities and to create the best possible conditions to ensure the long-term commercial success of all those involved by increasing their competitiveness, capacity for action, and effectiveness in processes, products, or services that use advanced digital technologies EDIH NEB is a significant part of the innovation infrastructure in the Liberec and Hradec KrÃ¡lovÃ© regions (CZ05 Northeast). In this respect, the natural industrial and research centres that are the cities of Liberec and Hradec KrÃ¡lovÃ© are important European hubs of support for research, development, and innovation. Moreover, the Liberec region is a world leader in the development of industrial technologies for the production of nanomaterials and related nanotechnologies. EDIH NEB concentrates on digitisation and artificial intelligence in connection with digital modelling, the simulation of technological processes, sensor technology, etc. The coverage of cooperation and services by the EDIH NEB consortium has 4 geographical dimensions. EDIH NEB primarily targets the territory of the Liberec and the Hradec KrÃ¡lovÃ© Region. The second catchment dimension of the unique and other digitisation services on offer is the rest of the Czech Republic. The third entirely fundamental geographical dimension, one which is absolutely unique within the Czech Republic in light of the geographical position of the Liberec and Hradec KrÃ¡lovÃ© regions in the border region with Poland and Germany, is expansion of the quality cooperation already in existence as part of what is known as Euroregion Nisa, and to some extent Euroregion Glacensis (Saxony, Lower Silesia, Opole). The fourth geographical dimension to the cooperation, exchange of experience, and offer of services which the EDIH NEB consortium brings takes the shape of other foreign cooperation within the territory of the EU, or indeed worldwide.
Contact Person(s): Zdeňka Doležalová
Phone: +420605746007
Email: z.dolezalova@arr-nisa.cz
Location: U jezu 525/4, 460 01 Liberec iv-perstyn, Czechia
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.edih-northeast.cz/
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), NMP Non-Metallic Materials & basic processes (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (moderate involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Textiles (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Industrial biotechnology (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH NN
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub Northern Netherlands
Country: Netherlands
Description: The Northern Netherlands (NN) finds itself at the junction of all the big transitions. Digitalisation is essential to follow through with these. Considering this, our region has the potential to make sizeable progress if it can successfully roll out widespread digitalisation. 
As a hardcore transition economy, the NN may even join the European frontrunners and act as an example for other regions. It is from this challenge that the NN will start with the European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH NN). We have chosen to specialise in the area of Autonomous Systems, which includes multiple digital technologies that are relevant for the four transitions in the NN: (1) Smart Agro, (2) Smart Manufacturing, (3) Life Science and Health and (4) Utilities, Built Environment and Mobility. In the first three-year EDIH NN wants to support more than 750 companies and lay the foundation for long-term support of all companies. 
The building blocks for EDIH NN are: 

A Brokerage network that will identify issues regarding digitalisation and relay these to Solution Providers (high TRL) and knowledge providers (low TRL).
A Test Before Invest network (test and demo facilities) comprising 20+ organisations that will invest in Autonomous Systems within their domain, and collaborate towards becoming a European testing ground.
A Smart Factory Accelerator to strengthen the digital maturity of companies.
An Empowerment programme to strengthen companies in the areas of DEP Technologies: Cyber Security and Artificial Intelligence.
An approach based on High Performance Computing to make digitalisation more accessible.
The Smart Makers Academy: A programme aimed at matching supply and demand around digital skills, based on individual learning outcomes.
A Funding Readiness programme to help companies that need to invest for their digitalisation strategy, in finding funding opportunities.
A network to stimulate supply and demand around Autonomous Systems.
Contact Person(s): Anna Moerbeek
Phone: +31 611 286 553
Email: moerbeek@nom.nl
Location: Paterswoldseweg 810, 9728 BM Groningen, Netherlands
Type: EDIH
Website: https://edih-nn.nl
Active Sectors: Energy (very high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH OCCITANIA
Title: To boost an ethical and sustainable digital transformation to improve competitiveness and resilience, and foster the use of space data specially for agri-food, mobility and health sectors
Country: France
Description: The EDIH OccitanIA consortium gathers 14 partners to accelerate and accompany SMEs digital transformation. Its overall strategic goal is to create a unique entry-point for companies, to support their digital shift to fully exploit the potential of data, in a decompartmentalized, secure and ethical way, and to offer them direct access to the most advanced expertise, services, skills and training resources and technologies in the field. 
Building on the regions position as a European leader in space and on this sectors capacity to provide high-value technological solutions useful for the digital transformation across other sectors, the project focuses on the data challenge, by developing services focusing mainly on:

Artificial Intelligence (AI), 
High-Performance Computing (HPC), 
Cybersecurity, 
and Spatial data and technologies 

Supporting strong regional sectors with high potential regarding the use of spatial technologies: the agri-food sector, that encompasses water challenges, the mobility sector and Intelligent Transportation Systems, and the Health sector. OccitanIA proposes an added value approach for supporting companies in their digital transition, in the form of two different journeys according to their maturity level.
Contact Person(s): Philippe mestre
Phone: +33786625725
Email: philippe.mestre@agence-adocc.com
Location: 55 avenue louis breguet, 31400 Toulouse, France
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Space (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement)
Provided Services: 
Technological Focus: Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH OVA
Title: EDIH Ostrava
Country: Czechia
Description: The project of the European Digital Innovation Hub Ostrava (EDIH Ostrava) is designed to accelerate the digitalisation of companies and public organizations in the region and at the same time to offer an attractive opportunity to use the unique interconnection of digital infrastructure and know-how to interested companies, especially small and medium-sized enterprises in the EU. The technological specialization of EDIH Ostrava is tied to the core facility of High-Performance Computing (HPC), complemented by an experimental industrial testbed. These capacities will be primarily aimed at testing and experimentation of challenging tasks for cases in sectors related to the implementation of the Industry 4.0 concept. This "technological" DNA of EDIH Ostrava is further naturally determined by the industrial character of the Moravian-Silesian Region (MSR), where EDIH Ostrava will mainly operate. The project includes a comprehensive offer of individual services and other activities in line with the required functions of the European Digital Innovation Hub. The aim is to cover a wide range of stakeholders with regard to their level of digital readiness, from entities not yet determined to exploit the potential of digitalisation to entities ready to use the most advanced digital techniques and state-of-the-art research infrastructure, including HPC. Implementation of EDIH Ostrava will provide a significant upgrade the activities that this hub has been gradually developing for several years. An ambition of EDIH Ostrava is to become an inspirational and useful hub within the networks to which EDIH Ostrava is or will be linked. This ambition builds on the existing activities of both members of the consortium and their role within the regional, national, and European innovation ecosystem and is reflected, among others, in the expected share of clients outside the MSR region.
Contact Person(s): Martin Duda
Phone: +420 596 999 609
Email: martin.duda@vsb.cz
Location: 17. listopadu 2172/15, 708 00 Ostrava, Czechia
Type: EDIH
Website: nan
Active Sectors: Automotive (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Life sciences (moderate involvement), Consumer products (moderate involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (moderate involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Space (moderate involvement), Transport & Mobility (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: High performance computing (very high involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), products) (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Rheinland
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub Rheinland
Country: Germany
Description: EDIH Rheinland is located in the Rhineland in Germany - a metropolitan area along the middle and lower rhine including 10 independent cities and 13 districts, with the city of Aachen and its university and partners as a center point for the EDIH’s activities. The EDIH Rheinland consortium consists of 14 entities (RWTH Aachen University chairs, research institutes and non-profit associations as well as public administrations), which have the vision to advance the digital development and economic strengthening of their region by enabling the usage of research-relevant and future-oriented competencies and technologies.The goal of the EDIH Rheinland is to provide businesses and public administrations with access to digitalization solutions with a focus on Digital Skills, High Performance Computing (HPC) and Artificial Intelligence (AI). As the Rhineland area is home to many small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), there is a special focus on these companies in order to strengthen the local economy. In addition, the geographic location in the tripoint of Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands offers numerous opportunities for networking and cooperation beyond the national borders.The consortium partners of RWTH Aachen University, FIR e. V. at RWTH Aachen University, the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft e. V., digitalHUB Aachen e. V., RWTH Innovation GmbH, REGINA e. V. and the City of Aachen are responsible for the content and implementation of the services. All partners share expertise in research and implementation in their respective fields of Digital Skills, HPC and AI. The partners provide their infrastructure and access to their network of regional, national and European initiatives and projects, e.g. the Cluster of Excellence Internet of Production at the regional level, the Mittelstand Digital Zentrum Rheinland at state level and the Digital Innovation Hub TETRAMAX at a trans-European level.
Contact Person(s): Ole Stocks
Phone: +49 1517 2921977
Email: Projektkoordination@edih-rheinland.eu
Location: Templergraben 55, 52062 Aachen, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Health care (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Public administration (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (moderate involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Cybersecurity (low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Saarland
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub Saarland
Country: Germany
Description: EDIH Saarland is the digital innovation catalyst and integrator serving the needs of structural transformation in Saarland, the Federal State (Land) of Germany, by offering to regional SME’s, mid-caps and public sector entities a comprehensive service portfolio with the focus on Artificial Intelligence and other key enabling technologies. EDIH Saarland addresses essential regional innovation needs of green and digital transition, builds upon and makes a major contribution to the implementation of the regional innovation strategy and, at the same time, opens up its services to the entire EDIH network, thus putting the regional innovation strategy into the European context. The EDIH Saarland specialization in Industrial AI and AI for eGovernment is based on the significant and relevant testing and experimentation facilities, professional community of experts and regional innovation infrastructure. EDIH Saarland builds on existing partnership and various ongoing activities providing coordination and triggering a synergy effect. As an innovation broker, EDIH Saarland will facilitate and support the collaborative ecosystem including major research/innovation stakeholders with outstanding competences in the focus area, and local industrial and public sector organizations in need for digital transformation. The Hub’s work plan includes the set of activities aimed at making the EDIH Saarland’s service portfolio available for other EDIHs with the focus on further integration within the Greater Region and sectoral specialization (e.g. automotive industries). The EDIH Saarland consortium brings together the major regional RTD and innovation players, has established the privileged relations with the Saarland’s Government and other stakeholders, such as industrial clusters, research and education performers, business incubators etc., and, therefore, has ensured sustainable and lasting foundation for its operation.
Contact Person(s): Attique Bashir
Phone: +49 681 85787 300
Email: networking@edih-saarland.de
Location: Eschberger Weg 46, Gewerbepark Geb. 9, 66121 Saarbrücken, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: https://edih-saarland.de/
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), wholesale or distribution (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Saxony
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub Saxony
Country: Germany
Description: The consortium of the EDIH Saxony consists of Institute for Applied Informatics (InfAI) e.V. in Leipzig (consortium leader), Smart Systems Hub in Dresden/Smart Systems Hub GmbH, Smart Infrastructure Hub in Leipzig/SpinLab Accelerator GmbH, Initiative simul+ at Saxon State Ministry for Regional Development. The EDIH Saxony aims to ensure the wide use of digital technologies - big data/AI, HPC, internet of things, blockchain, robotic, micro- and nanoelectronic and connectivity solutions such as 5G & WIFI6 (6G) - across the economy (especially SMEs) and administration and thereby making their products, processes, services and business models more efficient and competitive. The ultimate goal - foster digital innovation - build on the interactions of the sustainable development goals and cybersecurity. The consortium of EDIH Saxony focuses on digital applications in smart production, data mining, health, mobility, smart energy, smart living and smart building. All these fields of application in cooperation with each other should contribute to the emergence of smart regions.
Contact Person(s): Ingolf Römer
Phone: +49 341 229037 0
Email: roemer@infai.org
Location: Goerdelerring 9, 04109 Leipzig, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Energy (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (low involvement), Food and beverages (very low involvement), Transport sector (very low involvement)
Provided Services: Knowledge transfer (high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), SME support (moderate involvement), Technological innovation (low involvement), Field trial (moderate involvement), Sme Business Development (very low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (low involvement), Communication network (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (low involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Robotics (low involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Logistics (very low involvement), Mobility (very low involvement), Virtual Reality (very low involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Suedwest
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub Suedwest
Country: Germany
Description: In recent years innovation in products and services is to an increasing extent based on digitalisation which enables enhanced or new functionalities. A key question is “How to optimise the transformation of this potential?” Especially SMEs need an easy access to technologies and capabilities enabling the digital transformation. Here EDIH Südwest helps by pooling different offers in a one-stop-shop, concentrating on the region but also sharing services across borders. EDIH Südwest focuses on three prevailing industrial sectors in South-West Germany: automotive, health and manufacturing. A technological focus is set on “smart sensor systems powered by edge AI”, offering a variety of application opportunities in all three sectors. Another focus is on resilience. These foci will be assessed and adapted, if necessary, throughout the project lifetime. To maximise impact, the services in the four action fields, “training & skills”, “test before invest”, “support to find investments” and “innovation ecosystem”, are specifically tailored towards three distinct groups of clients, “founders, start-ups and spin-offs”, “SMEs, small midcaps and the public sector” and “individuals”, the latter including pupils, students, employees and executives. EDIH Südwest has set up two orthogonal corridors for collaboration with other EDIHs. One in the field of a specific set of hard- and software technologies (Smart Systems) while the other one addresses the automotive area. 13 partners build a strong consortium, ensuring a well-balanced coverage, both geographically as well as across technologies and services. This core consortium is accompanied by further 11 parties who are also very active in the region. The EDIH Suedwest tightens collaboration by bringing partners closer together to catalyse digitalisation in the region and at the same time trigger exchange and cooperation with other European regions.
Contact Person(s): Sven Spieth
Phone: +497721943241
Email: sven.spieth@hahn-schickard.de
Location: Wilhelm-Schickard-Strasse 10, 78052 Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.edih-suedwest.de
Active Sectors: Automotive (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), optoelectronics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Suedwestfalen
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub for employee-centered digital transformation in South Westphalia
Country: Germany
Description: The planned EDIH is located in the German region of South Westphalia. South Westphalia is an industrial region with a strong focus on small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), with more than 150 so-called “hidden champions”, i.e. those often little-known small and medium-sized enterprises that are among the European and world market leaders in niche markets. The major industrial sectors of metal production and processing as well as mechanical engineering generate 75 % of total sales in the industrial sector each year, accounting for about two-thirds of total industrial employment. South Westphalia is therefore not only the third strongest region in Germany and by far the strongest industrial region in North Rhine-Westphalia (most populous federal state in Germany), but also one of the oldest industrial regions in Europe. However, the strategic orientation of EU policies and the twin objectives of making Europe greener and more digital poses challenges for the rather traditional “old industry” within South Westphalia. The focus must therefore be on providing the best possible support for SMEs within South Westphalia in overcoming these challenges. For this reason, establishing an EDIH with a strong European orientation is of particular benefit to the South Westphalian economy with its high export quota. The economic success of SMEs in South Westphalia is based on the expertise of their employees, which has grown over decades. The EDIH SWF will provide a set of services and infrastructures to support SMEs in how this product-specific expertise of human specialists and executives can be complemented by the adoption and development of in-depth, socio-informatic digitization competencies in the design of human-centered artificial intelligence, employee-based cyber-security as well as socio-technical assistance systems. The EDIH will support SMEs during the transformation process in cooperation with the social partners to maintain innovative strength in the long term.
Contact Person(s): Thomas Ludwig
Phone: +492717404763
Email: thomas.ludwig@uni-siegen.de
Location: Adolf-Reichwein-Strasse 2a, 57076 Siegen, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Public administration (high involvement), Smart City (moderate involvement), Health care (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Prototyping (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Circular economy (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Gamification (high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (high involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), New technologies for Audio-Visual sector - Media (moderate involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH Thuringia
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub Thuringia
Country: Germany
Description: The vision of a digital and green European Union needs the common effort of businesses, public organisations, research institutions and creatives as well as a proactive citizen engagement. To foster the development and implementation of innovations, there is a high demand for digital skills, training programmes, testing and experimentation facilities, financial support, and interconnected ecosystems. The European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH) Thuringia incorporates this vision and these services with a dedicated focus on the mobility and energy sectors. It acts as a regional one-stop shop in Central Germany for the digital transformation of private companies and the public sector. With its interdisciplinary expertise on the application of artificial intelligence, high performance computing, cybersecurity and digital skill training, the EDIH Thuringia addresses the most important challenges for a digital European Union. By expanding the active, regional innovation ecosystem through a strong EDIH network, it offers prospective customers unique possibilities to implement forward-thinking digital solutions. The EDIH Thuringia will foster the regional digital maturity, induce new digital products and services, stimulate significant private as well as public investments and thus be a key actor in shaping the digital future.
Contact Person(s): Maximilian Wunsch
Phone: +493643584822
Email: maximilian.wunsch@uni-weimar.de
Location: Schwanseestraße 13, 99423 Weimar, Germany
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Public administration (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Financial (very high involvement), Legal Aspects (very high involvement), Security (very high involvement), Transport sector (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Personal services (high involvement), Automotive (moderate involvement), Construction & Assembly (moderate involvement), Real estate (moderate involvement), Regulation (moderate involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Field trial (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Circular economy (high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), data (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), BI tools (moderate involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Big data (high involvement), Gamification (high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Location-based applications (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: EDIH VILNIUS
Title: EDIH VILNIUS: accelerating green and digital transformation in Vilnius region
Country: Lithuania
Description: Responding to the DIGITAL-2021-EDIH-01-INITIAL call, EDIH VILNIUS is submitting the proposal with a goal to enable the EDIH VILNIUS to effectively support the digital and green transformation of SMEs and public sector organisations in the Vilnius region. The specific objectives of the project directly correspond to the objectives of the call and are the following:(1) to ensure full integration of the EDIH VILNIUS into a common network of EDIHs in order to facilitate effective international cooperation and service provision as well as identify and cover the needs of Vilnius region SMEs and public sector organisations in a field of digital and green transformation by providing a full package of integrated services(2) to upgrade the capacity of the EDIH VILNIUS to ensure the proper provision of these services(3) to build networks between EDIH VILNIUS and other relevant organisations in Europe and worldwide in order to ensure sharing of capacities and knowledge, especially, in the fields of High Performance Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, Advanced Digital Skills.
Moreover, the project will directly contribute to the overall Digital Europe Programme objectives as EDIH VILNIUS will become a part of EDIHs network on the EU level and will help to cover a specific EU region (Vilnius region, Lithuania). EDIH VILNIUS is already a mature consortium which is deeply engaged in its activities. At the moment the consortium brings together digital technology expertise, with the specific focus on AI technologies, in different sectors as well as infrastructure needed to provide high quality services in the Vilnius region. Therefore, EDIH VILNIUS is able to ensure a successful implementation of the project and its objectives. The project will help members of EDIH VILNIUS to better combine their forces, infrastructure and competencies for a common goal - comprehensive digital and green transformation of Lithuanian industry, SMEs and public sector organisations.
Contact Person(s): Evelina Šalavėjienė
Phone: +37068087305
Email: evelina@ssmtp.lt
Location: Sauletekio al. 15, 10224 Vilnius Lithuania, Lithuania
Type: EDIH
Website: http://www.edih.lt
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Education (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (moderate involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very low involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement)
------------------------------------------------------------
