NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: nZEB Smart Home DIH
Title: nZEB Smart Home DIH
Country: Greece
Description: The nZEB Smart Home DIH, coordinated by CERTH's Information Technologies Institute (ITI), was established in early 2017 as the first Hub in Central Macedonia, and has been fully operational ever since. The nZEB Smart Home DIH is an active liaison between research and the markets, acting as a driving force for empowering market-oriented stakeholders with innovative digital solutions. The Smart Home’s technological orientation goes over multiple vertical domains, with special focus on Robotics (commercial or prototype units available for use, integration with devices and sensors, advanced manipulation and control features added), Artificial Intelligence (e.g. intuitive perception and cognition for robotic systems), Cyber physical systems (e.g. embedded systems), Internet of Things (e.g. connected devices, sensors and actuators networks), Simulation and modelling, Big Data, Blockchain, Visual Analytics, and more. One of the unique merits of the DIH is the actual nZEB Smart Home infrastructure. It is a unique Building based on state-of-the-art construction materials (insulation, glass panes, etc.) with "smart" technologies that allow the exploration of various ICT research domains, such as Robotics and Assisted (Tele-) Heath services, or optimized energy efficient building management while simultaneously automating Renewable Energy Sources use. The Smart Home infrastructure is used as a pilot program for validation / testing of new technologies and services provided by the research community. It is equipped with a multi-sensorial network that measures in real-time almost all parameters that consist open challenges for a modern home / workplace (energy, occupancy, health, etc.). In 2019, the IsZEB Cluster emerged from the funded support program "Clusters for promoting innovation in local entrepreneurship." from the Regional Operation Programme Central Macedonia 2014-2020. The Cluster has special focus on the Construction sector, aiming to provide tools and guidelines for the entire lifecycle of a smart zero or positive energy building. Comprised of 16 members, including the leading Greek companies and authorities in the field of Smart Energy Buildings, it operates on the triple helix model, providing R&D services, training & education opportunities, ecosystem development, and innovation management The evolution of the nZEB Smart Home into the IsZEB Cluster marks a strategic progression in fostering innovation and collaboration. Building upon the success and expertise of the nZEB Smart Home initiative, the IsZEB Cluster seamlessly continues its mission, bringing together a diverse array of stakeholders. This transition represents a significant step forward in advancing the economy of smart buildings, facilitating research and development services, ecosystem development, and innovation management for businesses ranging from startups to SMEs and industrial entities. The IsZEB Cluster, maintaining the esteemed attribute of a testbed infrastructure inherited from the nZEB Smart Home, plays a pivotal role in driving collaborative projects and initiatives, creating a dynamic ecosystem for the development of the construction sector. European Initiatives: • Horizon 2020 and Horizon Europe: The IsZEB Cluster participates in various EU-funded R&D projects, aimed at advancing sustainable and innovative solutions in the field of smart and zero-energy buildings (e.g. D2EPC, Response, Accept, EUH4D, metabuilding, InCube, SmartLivingEPC, SUSTAIN Eurocluster, SmartSquare). Accordingly, the nZEB Smart Home participates in various H2020 covering diverse technological domains, from robotics and artificial intelligence to energy-efficient buildings and smart healthcare solutions (Plug-N-Harvest, encompass, Greensoul, ACTIVAGE, GHOST, ACROSSING, INTEGRIDY, VICINITY, DELTA, 3DMicroGrid, eDREAM, DRIMPAC, DIH^2, AI DIH Network, SIT4Energy, AMANDA, AI4EU, DIHNET, BIMERR, MEISTER, PLANET, SMILE, IRIS, AIREGIO, SmartLivingEPC and much more) By participating in those projects, IsZEB Cluster & nZEB Smart Home DIH not only stay at the forefront of technological advancements but also play a crucial role in shaping the EU research landscape. These collaborative endeavours allow them to leverage their expertise, state-of-the-art infrastructure, and multi-sensorial network to contribute with valuable insights and solutions to the various projects. • European Digital Innovation Hubs (EDIHs): The IsZEB Cluster and the nZEB Smart Home participate in the EDIHs, specifically engaging with the Synerginn EDIH and the SmartHealth EDIH. As part of the EDIHs, they operate as a Service Provider, offering a state-of-the-art rapid prototyping and novel technologies demonstration infrastructure, providing a tangible asset for businesses, start-ups, and research institutions to test and showcase emerging technologies. National Initiatives: • Smart Specialization Strategy (RIS3): Since its beginning, the nZEB Smart Home was linked with the RIS3 strategy. The RIS3 supported specialization sectors are correlated to Information & Communication Technologies, Energy Applications/Technologies and Microelectronics – Advanced Materials. The activities interrelate mainly to the investment of creation and dissemination of new knowledge and to the investment in Research & Innovation in the above topics. • Co-Financed by Greece & EU (Central Macedonia Initiatives): IsZEB Cluster was established due to its participation in the programme "Cooperative formations for the promotion of innovation in local entrepreneurship". Its purpose was to promote innovation in local entrepreneurship, foster the sharing of facilities and equipment, and encourage the exchange of knowledge and expertise, networking, dissemination of information and cooperation between companies and other organizations of the cluster. Co-financing fund: European Regional Development Fund (ERDF)
Contact Person(s): Dimitrios Tzovaras (Nzeb Smart Home Dih)  Zoi Boutopoulou (Iszeb Cluster)
Phone: +30 2311 257701-3 (Dimitrios Tzovaras) +30 2311 257505 (Zoi Boutopoulou)
Email: Dimitrios.Tzovaras@iti.gr
Location: 6th km charilaou – thermi rd, 57001 Thessaloniki, Greece
Type: DIH
Website: https://smarthome.iti.gr/
Active Sectors: Construction & Assembly (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Security (high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), Gamification (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Software Architectures (very high involvement)
Tags: Country:Greece; Sector:Construction & Assembly; Sector:Energy; Sector:Health care; Sector:Security; Sector:Smart City; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Innovation management; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:Prototyping; Service:SME support; Service:Technological innovation; Service:Technology transfer; Technology:Additive manufacturing; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Big data; Technology:Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT); Technology:Cyber-physical systems; Technology:Cybersecurity; Technology:Gamification; Technology:High performance computing; Technology:Human computer interaction; Technology:Internet of Things; Technology:Internet Services & Applications; Technology:Virtual Reality; Technology:Robotics; Technology:Sensors & Vision Processing Systems; Technology:Simulation engineering and modelling; Technology:Software Architectures
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: OCEANOPOLIS
Title: OCEANOPOLIS
Country: Norway
Description: Oceanopolis accelerates the digital transformation of SMEs and the public sector for sustainable businesses, coastal regions and oceans. Specifically, we help SMEs increase sales, reduce costs, gain reputation and reduce the climate footprint through capacity building and application of digital tools and solutions for the primary value chain activities and technological development.
Norway as an ocean tech nation is at the core of our hub, but we do more than “deeptech ocean”. Our scope reach from sustainable and smart cities and coastal communities to the blue economy with its shore-based supply industry. Concretely we cover the following sectors:

Energy & offshore renewables
Fisheries & aquaculture
Mechanical industry
Building & construction industry
Transport & logistics, including smart ports
Marine & coastal tourism
Ocean & coastal management

We offer the users of our hub access to four core services:

Oceanopolis Networking Arenas at regional and national level for inspiration and B2B networking;
Oceanopolis Academy offering practical courses and training for knowledge building and digital management capacity building;
Oceanopolis Digital Accelerator for single businesses and business networks in need of advancing business challenges through a structured journey with inspiration, discoveries, action planning & capacity building, business development coaching and Test Before Invest;
Oceanopolis Capital supporting access to soft funding, seed capital & venture capital.

The Digital Accelerator works with a wide range of digital technologies, tools and data spaces within its test infrastructures integral to the Test Before Invest, including:

AI, Data & Robotics
Additive manufacturing with customized materials
IOT & sensors
Artificial vision
VR/XR
Aerial drones
Underwater drones (ROVs & AUVs)
Tools for modelling, simulations & digital twins

A highly competent multidisciplinary team operates the hub with outreach to the national digital ecosystem. It stretches along the Norwegian coastline, collaborates with all major industry clusters and networks offering access to thousands of companies, business incubators and TTOs, private capital, academia, test infrastructures & catapults, regional authorities, municipalities and other public sector actors.
We welcome hearing from you.
Contact Person(s): Stig Marthinsen
Phone: 4740074750
Email: stig@dihoceanopolis.com
Location: Jon Lilletunsvei 9 N, 4879 Grimstad, Norway
Type: EDIH
Website: https://dihoceanopolis.com
Active Sectors: Community-Led Local Development (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Fishery (high involvement), Health care (moderate involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Mining and extraction (high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Photonics (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), High performance computing (high involvement)
Tags: Country:Norway; Sector:Community-Led Local Development; Sector:Construction & Assembly; Sector:Energy; Sector:fuels and petroleum engineering; Sector:Environment; Sector:Fishery; Sector:Health care; Sector:Manufacturing and processing; Sector:Maritime; Sector:Metal working and industrial production; Sector:Mining and extraction; Sector:Public administration; Sector:Smart City; Sector:Transport & Mobility; Sector:Travel and tourism; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Innovation management; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:Prototyping; Service:Public sector innovation; Service:Regional development; Service:Sme Business Development; Service:SME support; Service:Technological innovation; Service:Technology transfer; Service:Field trial; Service:SME support; Service:Finance; Technology:Additive manufacturing; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Big data; Technology:Cyber-physical systems; Technology:Digital twins; Technology:Human computer interaction; Technology:Internet of Things; Technology:Robotics; Technology:Sensors & Vision Processing Systems; Technology:Photonics; Technology:Simulation engineering and modelling; Technology:Virtual Reality; Technology:High performance computing
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: OK!Thess
Title: Thessaloniki Innovation Ecosystem
Country: Greece
Description: OK!Thess provides entrepreneurial training to start-ups and SMEs in various topics, giving access to methodological tools needed. It runs training programs in the fields of Financial Management and Fundraising methods, Product Development, Market and Competition, Business Model Discovery and Company’s development Vertical Expertise. We provide one-to-one coaching to start-ups and SMEs exploiting its team expertise as well as industry experts from its network of mentors. We organize and participate in networking events engaging its network of investors and big corporates that have already participated in the events organised by the accelerator.
Contact Person(s): Antonios Ilias
Phone: 3.02313E+11
Email: antoniosilias@okthess.gr
Location: 2 komotinis street, 54655 Thessaloniki, Greece
Type: DIH
Website: https://okthess.gr/
Active Sectors: Education (very high involvement), Life sciences (high involvement), Personal services (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Communication network (very high involvement)
Tags: Country:Greece; Sector:Education; Sector:Life sciences; Sector:Personal services; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Innovation management; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:Public sector innovation; Service:Sme Business Development; Service:SME support; Technology:Communication network
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: ORCID
Title: Open Research Creation and Innovation in Digitalization
Country: Albania
Description: The Open Research Creation and Innovation in Digitalization (ORCID) project represents a pioneering initiative aimed at fostering digital transformation and innovation in Albania. Centred around the establishment of a European Digital Innovation Hub (EDIH), ORCID seeks to empower businesses in the domains of electronics, computer sciences, internet of things (IoT), artificial intelligence (AI), and cybersecurity (CS).
ORCID's primary objective is to establish an advanced EDIH in Albania, serving as a catalyst for digitalization and innovation within the country's business landscape.
The hub will offer comprehensive support services to businesses, providing access to state-of-the-art technologies, expertise, and tailored solutions to facilitate their digital transformation journey.
ORCID aims to promote a culture of innovation by fostering collaboration between businesses, academia, and the public sector. Through knowledge exchange, research partnerships, and technology development, the project seeks to drive meaningful innovation in targeted sectors.
Contact Person(s): Ilir Shinko
Phone: +355 67 203 3918
Email: ishinko@fti.edu.al
Location: Sheshi Nënë Tereza 4, 1010, Tirana, Albania
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://fti.edu.al/
Active Sectors: Education (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Telecommunications (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Communication network (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement)
Tags: Country:Albania; Sector:Education; Sector:Manufacturing and processing; Sector:Smart City; Sector:Telecommunications; Service:Innovation management; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:Prototyping; Service:Smart Specialisation strategies; Service:Technological innovation; Service:Technology transfer; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Big data; Technology:Additive manufacturing; Technology:Communication network; Technology:Cybersecurity; Technology:Internet of Things; Technology:Robotics; Technology:Semiconductors and Nanotechnology; Technology:Sensors & Vision Processing Systems
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: OuluHealth
Title: OuluHealth
Country: Finland
Description: The rapidly evolving digitalisation of health and wellbeing requires new knowledge and collaboration models to accelerate growth globally. Small to medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) need to increase their business development expertise and capabilities in the field of digital health. Health care providers need to speed up their adoption of digital innovations and assess the impact of digital solutions on healthcare processes. New collaborative action models at the European level will speed up this development and knowledge building.
OuluHealth is one of the leading digital health innovation ecosystems in Europe. Members of the OuluHealth ecosystem represent the whole spectrum of health and social care, including specialised medical care, primary health and social care, health and wellbeing industry and commerce, health technology research and education, and citizens.
The main stakeholders of OuluHealth are Oulu University Hospital (OYS), University of Oulu, Oulu University of Applied Sciences, VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland, and BusinessOulu and the Department of Healthcare and Social Welfare of the City of Oulu. The OuluHealth ecosystem also encompasses more than 600 health and life science companies, at least 240 of which are high-tech companies (http://ouluhealth.fi/companies/ ). The ecosystem approach enables the combination of a broad range of expertise, from wireless information technologies and the life sciences to smart information and communication technology (ICT) solutions for delivering advanced, personalised, connected health service solutions. OuluHealth has close and tangible co-operation with SuperIOT, 5G test network Finland and Printocent Digital Innovation Hubs (DIH). Good example of this co-operation is for instance OYS to be the first hospital to test 5G-technology. The principal idea of OuluHealth is to facilitate open collaboration and to accelerate innovation by bringing together various partners to contribute to the needs of the healthcare sector and business growth in the modern digital era. This collaboration model promotes economic growth, capacity building and research and development and innovation (R&D&I) investments in select focus areas.
The recently established DigiHealth Knowledge Hub will connect companies to the latest knowledge, expertise and technology. The Hub is speeding up the adoption of digital innovation and building a joint national network for digital health research and innovation. The DigiHealth Knowledge Hub is integrated nationally and internationally with the health sector’s growth strategy implementation actions, RDI programmes and EU-level thematic platforms.
The OuluHealth ecosystem supports companies in developing their ideas into market-ready products and services by providing support in activities such as identifying opportunities for digitalisation, bringing together relevant stakeholders, providing testing and piloting platforms and environments, offering services for growth and internationalisation, and hands-on training.

Opportunities for collaborative research and innovation: OuluHealth supports companies, researchers and healthcare professionals to collaborate on research and innovation. The ecosystem model facilitates innovation platforms for multi-stakeholder development projects and startups within digital health. It creates synergies with international research and innovation networks and builds up new partnerships to highlight trends and gaps in policies in the arena of person-centred digital health.
Innovative testing and piloting environments: OuluHealth provides a world-class development and testing environment, OuluHealth Labs, for testing innovations throughout the entire service chain: hospitals and health and social centres as well as in patients’ homes. In this way, companies have a unique opportunity to develop their solutions under authentic conditions and receive valuable feedback from healthcare professionals and end-users.
Digital integration platform: OuluHealth Labs provides an open sandbox for developers to simulate the integration of digital technologies in hospital environments and simulate the change opportunities embedded in the digital process for health providers.
Business development: OuluHealth offers health and life science companies tailor-made business development support, which includes financing and business modelling, internationalisation, media contacts and invest-In services. The ecosystem helps to find investors and the right partners, increase visibility and reach international markets.
Knowledge building and support (DigiHealth Knowledge Hub): OuluHealth offers access to expert services and innovation networks to explore and exploit emerging technologies (AI, deep learning, big data analytics, etc.) in the next-generation digital solutions develops new assessment methods for digital healthcare solutions. OuluHealth shares best practices in the implementation of digital technologies and developing data-intensive service solutions and personalised health and care. OuluHealth is building innovation networking opportunities regionally, nationally and in EU thematic platforms
Matchmaking: OuluHealth organises events such as the ecosystem and demo days to support the growth and needs of the market. It understands the needs and challenges of companies, provides information about novel digital solutions for health and social care professionals, and provides new knowledge and research to support digital transformation.
Training events: OuluHealth and the Faculty of Medicine from the University of Oulu together with the Finnish Medical Association and industry organise education and training events for students, where they can learn to efficiently use new digital systems in their future work as well as test and evaluate health IT solutions. Moreover, by participating, eHealth companies get a chance to obtain first-hand feedback from 5th-level medical students.

Innovation networks of OuluHealth
The OuluHealth ecosystem has active partnerships with researchers, business networks, and regional, national and international networks and alliances.
On the EU level, OuluHealth is a member of the European Connected Health Alliance, EU COST-Action network: European Network for the Joint Evaluation of Connected Health Technologies (ENJECT) and Digital Health Society Task Forces, which are building EU-level strategies and proposing actions (Action plan 2018) in digital health. The City of Oulu has been granted EIP-AHA reference site status. Oulu’s evidence for status as a reference site is largely based on the OuluHealth ecosystem and its OuluHealth Labs operation. OuluHealth is an active member of the Nordic reference site collaboration with EIP-AHA. Furthermore, OuluHealth has applied to host the EU mHealth Hub and the bid has passed the first evaluation stage.
By building a network of Nordic collaborators, OuluHealth aims to strengthen cooperation at both the strategic and operational levels. A good example of this is the network of Nordic Test Beds (NoTeB). Long collaboration with Nordic partners generated the Nordic Proof testing collaboration network, which OuluHealth will be a member of beginning in 2019. These active interactions with European innovation networks ensure the formation of strong strategic partnerships, as well as rapid and broad implementation of novel solutions and action models in innovation ecosystems.
On the regional level, OuluHealth has strong collaborations with Allied ICT Finland, which brings together several domain-specific DIHs, such as Super IOT, PrintoCent, Arctic Drone Labs and 5G test network Finland as well as services like Analytics+ in Finland. OuluHealth is one of the five innovation ecosystems of the Oulu Innovation Alliance (OIA), which is a regional strategic collaboration model with committed stakeholders. The collaboration model has proven to be an excellent ecosystem model for public-private-people partnership cooperation at the regional, national and international level. OIA’s four other ecosystems are Agile Commercialisation, ICT & Digitalisation, Industry 2026, and Northern City with Attractive Opportunities.
More info: www.ouluhealth.fi
Contact Person(s): Minna Komu
Phone: +358 50 591 7721
Email: minna.komu@businessoulu.com
Location: Hallituskatu 36b, Oulu, Finland
Type: DIH
Website: http://ouluhealth.fi
Tags: Country:Finland
------------------------------------------------------------
