NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: smart Fab Carinthia
Title: smart Fab Carinthia
Country: Austria
Description: Consisting of the Smart Lab Carinthia, the Start Up Initiative, Makers-Space, and the Innovation Workshop Carinthia, the Digital Innovation Hub of Carinthia, based at the Carinthia University of Applied Science, offers organisations of all sizes an opportunity to think differently about the way they deliver their products and services. With a thematic focus around innovation management, smart production and entrepreneurship - the join initiatives fostered by the Digital Innovation Hub help improve management and technical offerings of engaged companies.
Contact Person(s): Willmann Roland
Phone: 4.35905E+11
Email: r.willmann@fh-kaernten.at
Location: Villacher straße 1, 9800 Spittal, Austria
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.smartfab-carinthia.com
Tags: Country:Austria
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Smart Farming
Title: Smart Farming
Country: Netherlands
Description: Initiative to ensure flexible, reliable and authorised data exchange of farmers data in the sector. Initiated in the dairy sector. At the moment in the Agrifood domain (ao airable, horticulture)
Contact Person(s): Van Den Akker Evert
Phone: 31653779581
Email: Evert.vandenAkker@TNO.nl
Location: Anna van buerenplein 1, Den haag, Netherlands
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.tno.nl
Tags: Country:Netherlands
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Smart Health Digital Innovation Hub
Title: Smart Health Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Lithuania
Description: Smart Health DIHisnon-profit organisationwhich developingthe health care innovation ecosystem based in Vilnius (Lithuania). It aims at innovative solutions to promote health, prevent disease and provide resilient, accessible and effective patient-centered care that meets European citizens’ needs.
Smart Health DIHwas established to build appropriate frameworks and amounts of high quality patient-centered health data for high performance computing, data analytics and artificial intelligence, which can help design and test new healthcare products, provide faster diagnosis and better personalized health interventions
Smart Health DIHsolutions aim at contributing to increase in citizens’ secure access to and sharing of health data across platforms, better data to advance research, disease prevention and personalized health care, providing digital tools for citizen empowerment and person-centered care
AsSmart Health DIHwas established to facilitate the full innovation chain, from basic research to market uptake, it consists of participants from academia, the public sector, and the private sector: major national healthcare centers and research / educational institutions, international healthcare equipment manufacturers, NGOs, technology providers and facilitators.
Smart Health DIHpartners join their resources to implement the new care models and the digital evidence based results, which provide the necessary means for delivery of efficient and cost-effective prevention and care in the European societies facing the ageing of the population together with the growing burden of chronic conditions and multi-morbidity.
Smart Health DIHis open for collaboration with international partners to accelerate innovations for delivering advanced, personalized, effectivehealth caresolutions.
Contact Person(s): Simbelyte Nomeda
Phone: 37061279169
Email: info@smarthealthdih.eu
Location: Mokslininku street 6a, 08402 Vilnius, Lithuania
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.smarthealthdih.eu
Tags: Country:Lithuania
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Smart Industry Centre (SmartIC)
Title: Smart Industry Centre (SmartIC)
Country: Estonia
Description: The vision of the SmartIC hub is to ensure that Estonian manufacturing SMEs, big or small, can fully benefit in innovations in the field of ICT and robotics and thus improve its business and production processes and adapt its business models to the digital change to be globally competitive. Smartic is establishing a new digital research infrastructure. Smart industry (Industry 4.0) is a field that includes R&D activities related to distributed infrastructure at Tallinn University of Technology and Estonian University of Life Sciences in mechanical and industrial engineering, automation, mechatronics, materials science and engineering, and ICT. A new R&D virtual unit Smart Industry Centre (SmartIC) was established to enhance significantly the field of smart industry research, cross-usage of research infrastructures in Estonia (universities and partners), as well as internationally (R&D cooperation projects, applied research with international companies, e.g. in sectors such as aerospace, automotive industry, ship-building, and other industries) through co-operation, marketing and jointly defined services. Composing of the Centre was motivated from the current state of Estonian economy and industry – in addition to extensive low-priced and low-skilled outsourcing is more and more needed to develop value adding high-tech production. Estonia has not any longer advantage of a low-cost industrial country. To cope with this, also universities should show a clear direction and become more capable partner in R&D to the industry in modernizing of technology and in preparing industry's top professionals.
Contact Person(s): Otto Tauno
Phone: 37253090118
Email: tauno.otto@taltech.ee
Location: Ehitajate tee 5, Tallinn, Estonia
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.smartic.ee
Tags: Country:Estonia
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Smart Industry Hub South
Title: Smart Industry Hub South
Country: Netherlands
Description: The Smart Industry Hub South is a non-profit collaboration between economic development agencies, branch organizations and knowledge institutes in the south of the Netherlands. Through this cooperation all parties active in the field of Smart industry coordinate their activities and can act locally where needed, regionally if possible and connect nationally. As one Hub we communicate efficiently towards companies, who can find easier access to initiatives, shared facilities and fieldlabs. We bring together existing initiatives and organize new events together.
Focus themes: smart manufacturing and smart maintenance/services
Aim: to extend the reach of Smart Industry projects, fieldlabs and facilities in the South of the Netherlands (Noord-Brabant and Limburg). More companies in manufacturing and maintenance that start digitizing their production processes, products of services.
Activities towards the digitalisation of SMEs: We act as one network, so that SMEs with questions get the right information and get refered to the right expertise. We try to move SMEs from inspire, to experiment and then implement. We start with inspiring and informing SMEs about the possibilities of digitization by organizing large scale events. Interested companies can go a setp further and really experiment with new techniques. These SMEs we refer to fieldlabs and knowledge institutes. There are financial incentives available at this stage. Then we hope companies arrive at the last stage of implementation.
Contact Person(s): Blom Gerard
Phone: +31 (0) 6 20 96 97 60
Email: gblom@bom.nl
Location: Brainport industries campus, bic 1, 5657 bx eindhoven, 5657 BX Eindhoven, Netherlands
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.smartindustry.nl/smart-industry-zuid/
Tags: Country:Netherlands
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Smart Secure Cities
Title: Creating Smart Secure Cities for EU citizens
Country: Poland
Description: The Smart Secure Cities Consortium’s aim is to continue its up-to-date activities as a national EDIH with specialization in Smart City/IoT responding to a national need to foster digitalization and introduction of smart technologies, in line with national smart specializations for Poland. There is a great need for fair, cyber-secure, inclusive, resource-efficient, and above all human-centric digitalization of EU citizens’ living environments. However, there is not enough specialized support for the cities to make digitalization successful, especially in CEE. Our EDIH will address those needs working for and with two types of clients: Public Sector Organisations and SMEs. Thanks to its synergy, unique competencies, a well-planned, geographically balanced network of 28 Consortium members coming from different regions of Poland, will be a driver to raise the CEE region and level up with the most innovative regions in Europe. Consortium with its expertise and experience in digitalization will bring education, raise awareness on benefits and tools for a well-conducted digitalization. With its highly innovative, testing infrastructure of cyber-physical Innovation Showroom SMEs, start-ups and PSOs will be able to present and test the most innovative Smart City/IoT technologies. EDIH will support access to financing for the European cutting-edge technologies. It will also foster tight cooperation and networking between PSOs and SMEs in their digitalization to create together sustainable smart cities in the EU. EDIH will also address aims, promote and implement the concept of introduction of smart technologies as tools for sustainable development addressing directly objectives of the European Green Deal and Fit for 55 strategy. Our EDIH will continue to be a driver of the EU-wide network of EDIHs active in the area of digitalization of EU cities and regions involving EU-funded platforms and programs such as EEN, Startup Europe Partnership, Innovation Radar, EIC Accelerator.
Contact Person(s): Konrad Dziadkowiak
Phone: +48 605 973 445
Email: konrad.dziadkowiak@energotel.pl
Location: Perkuna 47, 04-164 Warszawa, Poland
Type: EDIH
Active Sectors: Smart City (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Internet of Things (very high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement)
Tags: Country:Poland; Sector:Smart City; Service:Public sector innovation; Service:Smart Specialisation strategies; Service:Regional development; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:SME support; Service:Technological innovation; Technology:Internet of Things; Technology:Cloud Services; Technology:Cybersecurity; Technology:High performance computing
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: SMART TRANSPORTATION ALLIANCE (STA)
Title: SMART TRANSPORTATION ALLIANCE (STA)
Country: Belgium
Contact Person(s): Papí José F.
Phone: +32 2 8086050
Email: j.papi@smart-transportation.org
Location: Tribes european quarter, avenue marnix 13-17, 1000 Brussels, Belgium
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.smart-transportation.org
Tags: Country:Belgium
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Smart Welding Factory (SWF)
Title: Smart Welding Factory (SWF)
Country: Netherlands
Description: First Time Right, One Piece Flow is the mission of SWF with Welding Automation. The robotic welding process must be automated from A-Z, where the start is the 3D-model and the end is the finished product including certificates. In this Innovation Hub several companies work together to innovate and automate the complete robotic welding process. Where brand independency is a very important issue. The vision of the producing industry is here very important and market development is stimulated in this process. Since 2014 we have been very successful in our approach.
Contact Person(s): Hofmeijer Ard
Phone: +31 (0) 74 8525389
Email: hofmeijer@lac.nl
Location: Gieterij 200, Hengelo, Netherlands
Type: DIH
Website: http://www.smartweldingfactory.com/
Tags: Country:Netherlands
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: SmartAttica-AtHeNAI
Title: Smart Attica DIH, the Attica region - Greek Innovation hub for Artificial Intelligence in Energy and Environment, Supply chain and mobility, Culture and Tourism
Country: Greece
Description: Smart Attica aims to constitute the reference AI EDIH of Greece and increase the digital maturity of Greek businesses and local authorities through increased AI uptake. Its thematic focus lies upon 3 financial activity sectors which are critical for the targeted Attica region and the Greek economy. These sectors, Energy and Environment, Supply chain and mobility, as well as Culture and Tourism, are also aligned to establish international and national actions for green, sustainable, inclusive digital growth. The Hub is based on existing clusters and EU-wide initiatives, making it a valuable policy-support instrument towards key EU directions.
Smart Attica mobilises powerful infrastructures and facilities, from 5G to HPC to the entire Demokritos smart campus, where solutions of all sectors can be deployed, tested and analysed. Smart Attica services (test-before-invest, upskilling, networking and investment support) will seamlessly integrate with the Εnterprise Εurope Νetwork and local business networks. They will also build upon the world-level Hub’s expertise on AI, supported by the HPC & Cybersecurity partnership knowhow, but also horizontally integrate the human-centric, ethics-by-design EU AI vision, and infuse resilience and sustainability considerations across service provision.
Smart Attica will mobilize an inclusive, collaborative innovation ecosystem bootstrapped through its unique arsenal of 17 partners, which constitute major stakeholders in Greece & EU in AI and bring significant additional knowhow in domains such as HPC, Cybersecurity, advanced digital skills, and domain knowledge across all thematic focus areas. This expertise and the varying roles of the partners guarantees the empowerment of the beneficiaries, offering a full range of services coming from research and academia, private sector entrepreneurship, banking and financing, technology transfer, accelerators, public sector and local society representatives, social change catalyst, national infrastructures.
Contact Person(s): Periklis Terlixidis
Phone: +30 2106503465
Email: periklisterlixidis@ahedd.demokritos.gr
Location: Neapoleos 27 & End of Patriarchou Grigoriou E, 15341 Agia Paraskevi, Greece
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Cultural and creative economy (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), wholesale or distribution (very high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (very high involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Finance (very high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Field trial (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement)
Tags: Country:Greece; Sector:Cultural and creative economy; Sector:Energy; Sector:Environment; Sector:wholesale or distribution; Sector:Transport & Mobility; Sector:Travel and tourism; Service:SME support; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Finance; Service:Innovation management; Service:Field trial; Service:Public sector innovation; Service:Sme Business Development; Service:Technological innovation; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Cybersecurity; Technology:High performance computing
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: smartHEALTH
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub for Smart Health: Precision Medicine and Innovative E-health Services
Country: Greece
Description: The European Digital Innovation Hub on Precision Medicine and Innovative E-health Services (smartHEALTH) brings together internationally leading expertise in the areas of Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, and High Performance Computing, to assist digital transformation and foster innovation in digital health. Its flagship service areas are precision medicine, cancer, and public sector digital transformation. smartHEALTH is in alignment with the vision for Europe’s digital transformation by 2030, by supporting the four pillars of Europe’s Digital Compass: i) Skills, ii) Digital transformation of businesses, iii) digitalisation of public services and iv) secure and performance sustainable digital infrastructures, and The Global Action Plan for Healthy Lives and Well-being for All. Based in Crete, it has nodes in 8 of the 13 regions in Greece, that have been strategically selected as they exhibit major economic & entrepreneurial activity in digital health, and the largest part of the public sector. smartHEALTH offers an integrated set of: i) test before invest services to clients from the private and public sectors, ii) advanced digital skills development to the healthcare ecosystem, iii) support to find investments by triggering additional investments of €30M to SMEs and public organizations through public and private sources, and iv) ecosystem building and networking to create new collaborations between industry, academia, research, public sector & civil society. Specialized expertise for digital transformation will be offered in precision medicine, biomedical informatics, diagnostic imaging, telehealth, administrative automation & digitization, integrated healthcare, personalized care delivery, social care and welfare management. Within the wider EDIH network, smartHEALTH fosters collaborations and networking to offer clients access to innovation and outreach beyond the national borders.
Contact Person(s): Dimitris Plexousakis
Phone: +30 2810 391637
Email: dp@ics.forth.gr
Location: Nik. Plastira 100, 70013 Irakleio, Greece
Type: EDIH
Website: https://smarthealth-edih.eu/en/homepag/
Active Sectors: Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement)
Tags: Country:Greece; Sector:Health care; Sector:Life sciences; Sector:Public administration; Service:SME support; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:Sme Business Development; Service:Technological innovation; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Technology transfer; Service:Public sector innovation; Service:Finance; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Cybersecurity; Technology:High performance computing
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: SMIH 3D - Smart 3D Industry Hub
Title: SMIH 3D - Smart 3D Industry Hub
Country: Croatia
Description: "SMart Industry Hub – SMIH” is an industrial cluster consisting of over 20 Croatian and Slovenian companies (18 SMEs of which 3 start-ups and 1 research organisation and 1 ecosystem partner) that have very significant expertise in mechanical and electrical engineering, information technology as well as in the so-called fourth-generation industrial revolution. The cluster has existed for 10 years and has operated under the name “3D grupa – klaster 3D tehnologija”. With the development of 3D technologies, there was a need to join forces in order to ensure a more rapid adoption and application of 3D technologies in industry and science.
The primary mission of HUB is to increase the competitiveness of local and regional industries by promoting the use of concurrent 3D technologies in their business processes and to provide support and know-how in the following areas:

Providing access to 3D technology and enabling companies to test the technology on resolving their problems
Providing quality and structured 3D industry-related information to regional companies and institutions
Ensuring support for implementation of 3D technologies in business processes of the regional industry
Digital transformation
Business innovation and strategies development
Prototyping
Education coupled with mentoring
Linking regional industry with international partners
R&D activities
B&B networking

The overarching goal of SMIH is to enable cooperation of all key stakeholders of the HUB that contribute to strengthening the industrial potential and competitiveness of domestic industry. Through this collaboration we aim to develop investments in new technologies, innovative products with export potential and high added value. The SMIH's founders and members are constantly working on improving the existing infrastructure as well as building a new one.
At the present moment, SMIH represents a modern technologically advanced "HUB" providing answers to most questions related to the industry in a broader sense.
SMIH brings together more than 40 external experts in terms of support for research and development activities in 5 areas of industry and science: natural, technical, biomedical, biotechnical, and architecture and construction.
HUB works passionately on the identification of new products within its ranks, as well as their development and commercialization. It also works on research, development and innovation programs and projects of its members.
Through our non-profit activities, we strive to share and distribute the valuable knowledge residing within the HUB network through regular free seminars on 3D technologies, dissemination of information and transfer global industry trends to regional business and educational entities. Furthermore, the Cluster promotes assemblies, exhibitions and similar events and arranges visits to professional fairs.
In order to achieve its goals and to be able to complete set tasks, the HUB established a regional reference centre for 3D technologies, where we gathered a significant amount of various equipment from the field of 3D technologies for use in everyday industry projects, for educational purposes and for raising technology awareness.
At the same time, SMIH enables young engineers to get acquainted with the equipment and gain realistic work experience.
SMIH has leveraged its broad experience in the field of 3D technologies, to build a tailor-made educational framework. The entire range of industrial occupations, from machine operators, technicians to engineers is driven in pursuit of new knowledge and skills necessary to respond to the challenges of the modern industry. Within our daily work, we are involved with the most relevant companies from various industry sectors: automotive, aerospace, consumer goods, power generation, transportation, medical and dental. As these companies will benefit the most from finding skilled employees to engage, we are using our network to communicate all benefits of the project and get all stakeholders involved.
SMIH – in cooperation with academia and “Callidus, Institute for adult education” established the „3D Academy for 3D Technologies” which currently operates in West Balkan region focusing on transferring knowledge and skills required in today’s labour market. The programmes of 3D Academy are accredited by the Ministry of Science, Education and Sports and the German Chambers of Commerce Abroad. The HUB has also established strong connections with regional Universities.

Finally, SMIH offers digital transformation, business innovation and strategies development, prototyping, education, mentoring, and B2B connection, assistance in the acceptance and implementation of cutting-edge technologies and trends, support in corporate innovation management and integration into the tech community.
Contact Person(s): Secerkadic Amir
Phone: +385 1 5790 750
Email: info@3D-grupa.hr
Location: Industrijska 3, novaki, Sveta nedelja, Croatia
Type: DIH
Website: https://3d-grupa.com/
Tags: Country:Croatia
------------------------------------------------------------
