NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: P.R.I.D.E.
Title: POLO REGIONALE PER L'INNOVAZIONE DIGITALE EVOLUTA
Country: Italy
Description: PRIDE – Polo Regionale per l’Innovazione Digitale Evoluta (Regional Pole For Advanced Digital Innovation) intends to support the digital transformation of the SMEs operating in strategic sectors of Campania (transport, biotech, utility, agri-food, fashion). PRIDE will offer services capable of supporting and accelerating the digital transformation of the region’s economy and industry in Campania, allowing businesses, citizens and public administrations to benefit from its advantages. PRIDE aims at addressing these challenges:1) Create the Regional Supply Chain of Digital Services according to a Hub and Spoke model 2) Accelerate the digital transition of strategic regional production systems through an offer at discounted prices (indirect incentives) of qualified and differentiated services to support SMEs and PA investments in cutting-edge 4.0 technologies and by improving access to innovative financial instruments 3) Support human capital qualification processes towards the development of advanced digital skills 4) Promote a Sustainable digitalization by building Digital Communities in synergies with European, national and regional policy on digitization and 4.0 technologies including S3. This will be achieved by a) activating the critical mass of skills and instrumental resources capable of generating a flexible and modular service platform through consortium partners (CAMPANIA DIH, MEDITECH,CERICT,DIITET-CNR ) and b) implementing a 36-month workplan encompassing 5 work packages: the first transversal to ensure the coordination and monitoring of activities and the others functionalized to achieve specific competing objectives to implement PRIDE’s mission: that is to support the DX of the SMEs and PAs in the Campania Region by promoting the use of solutions based on ADTs, also in combination with KETS. It is estimated that 350 SMEs and 10 PAs will benefit from PRIDE's services which will foster processes of environmental sustainability and social inclusion.
Contact Person(s): Edoardo Imperiale
Phone: 3.90816E+11
Email: info@campaniadih.it
Location: Piazza dei martiri 58, 80121 Napoli NA, Italy
Type: EDIH
Website: Website
Active Sectors: Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Textiles (high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (high involvement), Health care (high involvement), Food and beverages (high involvement)
Provided Services: Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement)
Tags: Country:Italy; Sector:Transport & Mobility; Sector:Public administration; Sector:Energy; Sector:Environment; Sector:Textiles; Sector:Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology; Sector:Health care; Sector:Food and beverages; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:SME support; Service:Technology transfer; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Cybersecurity; Technology:High performance computing
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PAI
Title: Public Administration Intelligence
Country: Italy
Description: Public Administration Intelligence (PAI) is focused on the applicative area of public services to citizens, delivered by Public Administrations (PA) and, increasingly, by Social Economy Organiszations (SEO). The convergence of these two actors in delivering services is particularly strong in Italy, where after the reform of the third sector, SEOs have been invested to role of co-programming and co-designing with PAs that have to ensure their active involvement in the exercise of their functions of planning and organiszation at the territorial level of interventions and services in the sectors of activity of general interest. Thus, PAIs targets are (PAs) and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) frorm the social economy (SE) sector in Friuli Venezia Giulia, Piedmont and the Aosta Valley in northern Italy delivering public services to citizens. PAI coordinates public and private ICT providers, a university, a Digital Innovation Hub (DIH), training agency from the SE, an independent financial consultant, and representatives of the target. The expertise is focused on artificial intelligence (AI), high performance computing (HPC) (as part of the EuroHPC Digital Europe (DE) programme), cybersecurity, blockchain and technologies for social good and e-participation of citizens, but it does not disregard higher technology readiness level (TRL) solutions given the low level of digitalization of its customers. To ensure a truly European dimension, PAI will coordinate with the Digital Transformation Accelerator (DTA), will connect with other EDIHs around EU, but it will also liaise with the world of sSocial eEconomy around Europe and beyond via the DIESIS partner, a network of second- level SEOs. Its pipeline of services includes: 1) networking, 2) a digital maturity assessment and a green assessment 3) co-creation of services with citizens via participation platforms, testing before investing 4) training 5) support to financing.
Contact Person(s): Elena VIERO
Phone: +39.040.3737.111
Email: elena.viero@insiel.it
Location: Via San Francesco d'Assisi 43, 34133 Trieste TS, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://pai-edih.eu
Tags: Country:Italy
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PBDH
Title: Portugal Blue Digital Hub
Country: Portugal
Description: Portugal Blue Digital Hub (PBDH) is a consortium of 17 entities, led by Forum Oceano (FO), Portugal’s Blue Economy Cluster. PBDH aims to promote circularity, decarbonisation and the digital transition, by stimulating entrepreneurship, testing and demonstration, attracting foreign investment, training in digital skills and developing services in AI, Blockchain and Big Data. To achieve those ambitious goals, we will provide:

advanced training in the digital and sustainability domains.
access to data from the Portuguese Ocean and Coasts to support developing, testing and demonstrating new solutions.
innovation and acceleration programs, with specific challenge owners representative of the Portuguese Blue Economy sectors.
access to a blue tech Test Network, including a Dual Use test location, to test/demonstrate your solution in the Atlantic Ocean environment and get a performance seal.
access to events with an international and diverse Investors Club willing to invest in Blue Tech Solutions.
Recognized with a Seal of Excellence by the European Commission, the Portugal Blue Digital Hub stands out for its quality and impact at national and European levels.

Get involved. 
Follow us on LinkedIn 
Subscribe our newsletter
Contact Person(s): Carlos Pinho
Phone: 3.5122E+11
Email: carlos.pinho@forumoceano.pt
Location: Uptec polo do mar avenida da liberdade s/n, 4450-718 Matosinhos, Portugal
Type: Seal of Excellence
Website: https://forumoceano.pt/pt/digital-hub/
Active Sectors: Maritime (very high involvement), Fishery (moderate involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Energy (high involvement), Defence (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Technological innovation (high involvement), Innovation management (high involvement), Prototyping (high involvement), Field trial (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement)
Tags: Country:Portugal; Sector:Maritime; Sector:Fishery; Sector:Travel and tourism; Sector:Energy; Sector:Defence; Service:Technological innovation; Service:Innovation management; Service:Prototyping; Service:Field trial; Service:Public sector innovation; Service:Sme Business Development
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PBN
Title: Pannon Business Network Association
Country: Hungary
Description: Pannon Business Network (PBN) was established in 2006, with the aim to contribute to the upgrade of the Western Hungarian business added value. It is the center for applied research and training to catalyze added value manufacturing connected both to industry and academia, enabling digital, sustainable, resilient and green business transformation. By realizing over 75 international applied research projects with 450+ European partners (50+ universities), having audited over 300 Hungarian manufacturing companies, PBN has an alone-standing knowledge of the Central European SME and mid-cap manufacturing market. The key related elements are: international applied research and cooperation projects - policy paper input provider - digital innovation hub service - university-connected technology transfer - city and regional development programme coordinator - EIT Manufacturing Hub functionality. PBN division: am-LAB - Advanced Manufacturing DIH is a dedicated training and applied R&D facility servicing primarily manufacturing SMEs. Tangible, added value applications are created from alone-standing digital devices. Key competency domains: 3D printing for product development, collaborative robotics solutions in agility production, human-machine interactions, AR solutions in production and education, and a 5-modules Teaching and Learning Factory environment for demonstration, experiment and prototyping. Over 3.000 people were educated about digitalization at 53 courses in 2020-21. On EIT’s Teaching and Learning Factories’ Competition, PBN has been selected to promote the use of the Teaching Factories educational methodology, by giving visibility to the benefits of academia-business collaborations in a context of manufacturing innovation, to skill youth and professionals in the moderate innovation ecosystem, thus valorising high levels technical skills. Examples of PBN contribution an involvement in European policy initiatives aimed at digitizing the industry: BEST DIH - Boosting European DIH Success Through a new funding mix approach, Interreg Europe programme, 01.03.2023. – 28.02.2027. The overall objective of the project is to improve the implementation of regional development policies in the field of digital transformation, thanks to the increased institutional capacities of the consortium partners, and therefore contribute to a SMARTER EUROPE. The implementation of these policies will take into account the key role that DIH/EDIHs can play and ensure the coordinated delivery of funding between different administration levels. SKALE2CT - Skills and Scale to Connect for Business Acceleration Services policy transfer, Interreg Europe programme, 01.03.2023. – 28.02.2027. The overall objective of SKALE2CT is to improve resources and capacities of public and intermediary organisations to improve Business Acceleration providers and services, in particular when it comes to scale-up phase. For such purpose, the partnership is composed by a group of public and private organisations with complementary experiences and competences. Specifically, among the main scaling-up resources to be targeted. From a mid-term perspective, the objective is to contribute to the maintenance and sustainable growth of MSMEs established in EU territories. This will contribute to the territorial challenge of becoming an innovation-friendly society & economy. SMART CIRCUIT - Enabling SMARTer, CIRCUlar digITal innovation hubs to enhance Central Europe’s manufacturing eco-system towards a greener & more competitive future, Interreg Central Europe programme, 01.04.2023.– 31.03.2026. Manufacturing is an important employer in central Europe. But it is also resource-intensive and produces much waste and emissions, especially in value chains related to the electronics, construction and textiles sectors. The SMART CIRCUIT project extends the scope of existing digital innovation hubs to promote circular economy practices. By connecting these hubs throughout central Europe, the partners increase knowledge on best practices and strengthen. DIH2 - „A Pan‐European Network of Robotics DIHs for Agile Production”, Horizon 2020, 01.01.2019- 31.12.2022. DIH² is a network of 26 DIHs, with a target to reach over 170 DIHs. The sole aim of the network is to spark incremental (cut 50% cost of advance robotics solutions, double the growth of robotics market) and disruptive (maximum productivity & optimum agility) innovations in over 300,000 Manufacturing SMEs and Mid-Caps. It will support SMEs in their Agile Production challenge (50% increase in productivity) and unleash their digitalization potential by enabling robot solutions that are more cost effective at lower lot sizes. AI REDGIO 5.0 - Regions and (E)DIHs alliance for AI-at-the-Edge adoption by European Industry 5.0 Manufacturing SMEs, Horizon Europe, 01.01.2023. – 31.12.2025. HORIZON-CL4-2022-TWIN-TRANSITION-01-06. AI REDGIO 5.0 aims at renovating and extending the H2020 I4MS AI REGIO alliance between Vanguard EU regions and DIHs for a competitive AI-at-the- Edge Digital Transformation of Industry 5.0 Manufacturing SMEs. AI REGIO outcomes (methods and tools for DIHs governance and cross-DIH collaboration; Data Space and AI for Manufacturing toolkit; Didactic Factories network and TERESA facilities; SME-driven experimentations in 14 Vanguard regions) will be extended to the I5.0 principles. AIRISE - Artificial Intelligence in Manufacturing for Sustainable Applications at SMEs, 01.01.2023. – 30.06.2026. Horizon Europe programme. The ARISE project will support European SMEs in the uptake of Artificial Intelligence applied to manufacturing, with a specific focus on the use of AI-enabled applications at the edge. The key objective for applications is a reduction of waste and carbon footprint while ensuring the resilient operation of manufacturing. The consortium will create an eco-system where the project’s AI experts will support experimenting SMEs and connect them to Digital Innovation Hubs and commercial companies to achieve real-world applications.
Contact Person(s): Matyas Lazary
Phone: 36306861380
Email: lazary@pbn.hu
Location: Győr, Gesztenyefa u.4., 9027, Hungary
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.am-lab.hu/
Active Sectors: Automotive (high involvement), Cultural and creative economy (high involvement), Education (very high involvement), Financial (high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Public administration (very high involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement), Textiles (moderate involvement), Transport sector (moderate involvement), Transport & Mobility (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Finance (high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Digital twins (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (very high involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Logistics (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (high involvement)
Tags: Country:Hungary; Sector:Automotive; Sector:Cultural and creative economy; Sector:Education; Sector:Financial; Sector:Health care; Sector:Manufacturing and processing; Sector:Public administration; Sector:Telecommunications; Sector:Textiles; Sector:Transport sector; Sector:Transport & Mobility; Service:Circular economy; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Finance; Service:Innovation management; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:Prototyping; Service:Public sector innovation; Service:Smart Specialisation strategies; Service:Sme Business Development; Service:SME support; Service:Technological innovation; Service:Technology transfer; Service:Vocational training; Technology:Additive manufacturing; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Big data; Technology:Cyber-physical systems; Technology:Digital twins; Technology:Human computer interaction; Technology:Internet of Things; Technology:Logistics; Technology:Virtual Reality; Technology:Robotics; Technology:Semiconductors and Nanotechnology
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PCUV
Title: University of Valencia Science Park Foundation
Country: Spain
Description: The University of Valencia Science Park DIH aims to create the best conditions to strive for the long-term business success of companies and organisations from the Valencian region by putting innovation and digital opportunities to good use. To this end, the University of Valencia Science Park DIH places at companies and organisations’ disposal a set of services targeted to digitise their products, services and processes, as well as specially equipped premises for them to set up and perform their activity, consolidation and growth. The University of Valencia Science ParkDIH services come in five areas: 1.- Creating the ecosystem: information, training, networking and financing services, providing entrepreneurs with infrastructures, and support to identify and establish synergies among knowledge providers, companies and organisations, and to also back the Valencian innovative ecosystem 2.- Digitising business processes: Consultancy and implementing software solutions for strategic business management (Business Intelligence, Balanced Scorecard), day-to-day management (ERP), document management and commercial management (CRM, eCommerce) 3.- Automating production processes: Analysing the level of digitising and automation; accompanying the whole process; providing equipment for automation, sensors and other mechanisms to control processes. 4.- Applying satellite data: Employing satellite data and other sources, with applications in areas like agriculture, forestry development and environmental conservation, and for fighting against climate change 5.- Managing digital health: Application of Big Data, Artificial Intelligence, modelling, digital simulation and other technological tools in areas like functional nutrition, precise medical diagnosis and efficient health In order to offer this wide range of services, the University of Valencia Science Park DIH is backed by the University of Valencia Science Park’s development and infrastructure, and by organisation and team of the University of Valencia Science Park Foundation (FPCUV), which is in charge of managing the Science Park’s business area. The University of Valencia Science Park (PCUV) is an initiative that links university research and its scientific potential with the production system by encouraging innovation processes, and by generating and consolidating science/technology-based companies in the Valencian region. The PCUV provides spaces and services to companies that derive from university research (spin-offs) and to external scientific technology-based companies that wish to enter a research, technological development and innovation setting. Its scientific area is made up of seven research institutes, two singular centres and major research infrastructure, as well as a business area covering a surface area of 26,700 m2, which represents 40% of the Science Park’s built area. It is divided into three building blocks (Building 1SC, Building BIOTEC and Building CUE) with offices and different sized labs that provide various services, one business incubator, and three coworking spaces (Business Incubators), one of which is located on the Tarongers campus. The business area currently hosts almost 100 companies, including different spin-offs. In this space they find a suitable ecosystem in which to generate and develop ideas and innovative projects. The most important sectors are Biotechnology and Information and Communication Technologies (ITC), and Energy, Nanotechnology and Advanced Services are also present. The University of Valencia Science Park Foundation (FPCUV) works as a not-for-profit organisation that facilitates innovation for technology-based companies. This institution is in charge of managing the business area by providing services to those hosted there. It was created in 2009, and its founding sponsors were Fundación Bancaja, Banco Santander, the Valencian Chamber of Commerce and the Valencian Business Confederation, as well as the University of Valencia. Some FPCUV objectives are to: -Promote technological development, knowledge transfer and industrial innovation. -Encourage research into matters of social importance locally, nationwide and internationally. -Establish cooperation between University of Valencia research groups and companies. -Create new innovative companies by facilitating alliances with strategic partners. -Encourage the transfer and diffusion of university research results. -Contribute to improve companies’ competitiveness and the Valencian Community’s development. The FPCUV is a member of rePCV (Network of Valencian Science Parks), APTE (the Spanish National Association of Science and Technology Parks), RedEmprendia (the Ibero-American University Network of Business Incubators) and IASP (the International Association of Science Parks). It also has relations with different international parks. The PCUV is linked with different regional and national initiatives, such as: • Industria Conectada 4.0, Spanish Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Tourism. • Red.es, a public organisation appointed to the Spanish Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation. • INCYDE Foundation, the chamber Institute for the Creation and Development of Companies • Research and Innovation Smart Specialisation Strategy of the Comunitat Valenciana (RIS3-CV) • Regional Valencian Ministry of Innovation, Universities, Science and Digital Society. • The Valencian Innovation Agency (AVI), a public organisation accountable to the Regional Valencian Ministry of Innovation, Universities, Science and Digital Society of the Generalitat Valenciana. • The Valencian Institute of Business Competitiveness (IVACE), a public organisation accountable to the Regional Valencian Ministry of Sustainable Economy, Production Sectors, Commerce and Work of the Generalitat Valenciana. Keywords: Information Technology, Electronics, Industrial
Contact Person(s): Mariano Serra Bondia
Phone: +34 963544758
Email: dih@fpcuv.es
Location: Calle catedrático agustín escardino, 9, 46980 Valencia Valencia, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.pcuv.es/en/dih
Active Sectors: Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Environment (high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Polymers and plastics (very high involvement), Legal Aspects (low involvement), Regulation (low involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (low involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Field trial (low involvement), Finance (low involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (moderate involvement), Regional development (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (low involvement), Sme Business Development (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Technological innovation (high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Vocational training (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), products) (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Industrial biotechnology (very high involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), optoelectronics (high involvement), Virtual Reality (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (high involvement)
Tags: Country:Spain; Sector:Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology; Sector:Energy; Sector:Environment; Sector:Health care; Sector:Polymers and plastics; Sector:Legal Aspects; Sector:Regulation; Service:Circular economy; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Field trial; Service:Finance; Service:Innovation management; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:Prototyping; Service:Public sector innovation; Service:Regional development; Service:Smart Specialisation strategies; Service:Sme Business Development; Service:SME support; Service:Technological innovation; Service:Technology transfer; Service:Vocational training; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Big data; Technology:products); Technology:Cybersecurity; Technology:Industrial biotechnology; Technology:Internet Services & Applications; Technology:Laser-based manufacturing and materials processing; Technology:Location-based applications; Technology:optoelectronics; Technology:Virtual Reality; Technology:Robotics; Technology:Semiconductors and Nanotechnology; Technology:Sensors & Vision Processing Systems; Technology:Simulation engineering and modelling; Technology:Software Architectures
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: PDIH
Title: Pomeranian Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Poland
Description: Thanks to the project implementation, Pomeranian Digital Innovation Hub, which was selected by the Ministry of Development and Technology in the pre-selection, will be created. It will be managed by the consortium consisting of the Coordinator (COO), 20 Beneficiaries (BEN) and 11 Associated Partners (AP). Consortium will be coordinated by Pomeranian Special Economic Zone and Gdansk Science and Technology Park due to their important role in the local and regional ecosystem of innovation and entrepreneurship, and will be represented by entities with necessary expertise, experience, and required resources, which will allow successfully accomplish projects goals, tasks and activities. PDIH will act as one stop shop supporting mainly local SMEs, small mid-caps and public sector organizations with their digital and green transformation. PDIH will offer its clients the complete set of the following services: 1) Skills and training; 2) Test before invest; 3) Support to find investments; 4) Innovation ecosystem and networking. Its offer is a wide, yet well-thought-out and tailored to the identified needs of customers, catalogue of services (81 categories), which allows for the implementation of digital and green transformation. PDIH clients will gain access to new skills, technological and investment consulting, practical trainings, as well as access to the innovation ecosystem around PDIH allowing them to establish business relationships in the country and in the whole Europe, which will allow them to increase their competitiveness in the field of their operations by implementing digital solutions of the Industry 4.0. A significant part of the project in addition to the implementation of specialized services is networking and matchmaking activities. PDIH will be active in networking with other representatives of local, regional, national and European innovative ecosystem.
Contact Person(s): Marta Szalecka
Phone: 48723040090
Email: m.szalecka@strefa.gda.pl
Location: Ul. Trzy Lipy 3 bud.B IV p., 80-172 Gdansk, Poland
Type: EDIH
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (moderate involvement), Maritime (very high involvement), Public administration (very low involvement), Telecommunications (moderate involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Technological innovation (low involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (high involvement), Big data (high involvement), Cloud Services (high involvement), Communication network (high involvement), Cybersecurity (low involvement), Digital twins (low involvement), High performance computing (moderate involvement), Internet Services & Applications (moderate involvement), Virtual Reality (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (moderate involvement), Location-based applications (moderate involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (low involvement)
Tags: Country:Poland; Sector:Manufacturing and processing; Sector:Maritime; Sector:Public administration; Sector:Telecommunications; Service:SME support; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Technological innovation; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Big data; Technology:Cloud Services; Technology:Communication network; Technology:Cybersecurity; Technology:Digital twins; Technology:High performance computing; Technology:Internet Services & Applications; Technology:Virtual Reality; Technology:Internet of Things; Technology:Location-based applications; Technology:Simulation engineering and modelling
------------------------------------------------------------
