NOTE:
The 'Type' field indicates whether the EDIH has received a 'Seal of Excellence', is an EDIH, or a DIH.
- 'EDIH' means the hub is part of the funded European Digital Innovation Hub network. It is co-funded by the European Commission and Member States/Associated Countries.
- 'Seal of Excellence' means the hub was evaluated positively in a European competitive call but is funded exclusively by national or regional resources.
- 'DIH' means digital innovation hubs with similar activities to EDIHs but not connected to the network.
------------------------------------------------------------

EDIH Name: AM-EDIH
Title: European Digital Innovation Hub Boosting Additive Manufacturing through Digital Services
Country: Sweden
Description: AM-EDIH is a European Digital Innovation Hub providing world-class services for boosting industrialisation of Additive Manufacturing ("AM") through digitalisation and thereby increasing sustainability and competitiveness of European manufacturing industry. The target clients of AM-EDIH, to which digital AM services will be provided, are 1) SMEs and small mid-caps being i) manufacturers, ii) product developers and iii) solution providers for the new value chains connected to the rapid digitalization of industry, among large enterprises and 2) Public healthcare sector and particularly university hospitals where advanced healthcare services are offered using AM. AM-EDIH has its basis in Western Sweden (Region of VästraGötaland, "RVG") where manufacturing industry constitutes almost half of the region's economy and where research and innovation, e.g. at Chalmers University of Technology ("Chalmers") and Research Institutes of Sweden ("RISE"), is heavily focused on digital manufacturing, and specifically so on digital AM. Moreover, the region's University Hospital (Sahlgrenska) is one of Sweden’s largest hospitals and a hub for strong innovation and clinic research activities, also in AM, in close and broad cooperation with academia, industry and patients. AM-EDIH will focus on developing RVG into a world-leading region for digital AM that can inspire and support other regions in Europe to adopt digital AM to increase sustainability and competitiveness. Through the Swedish regional network of 21 Industrial Development Centres it will also reach the target groups nation-wide. For AM-EDIH it will be very important to network with other EDIHs and EEN to reach other European regions and clients and exchange knowledge, competence, and good practises of digitalisation and thereby contribute to the digital transformation of the European manufacturing industry. RVG, being the 11th most innovative region in Europe (2021), has excellent conditions for achieving this.
Contact Person(s): Lars Nyborg
Phone: 46317721257
Email: lars.nyborg@chalmers.se
Location: Chalmersplatsen 4, 412 96 Goteborg, Sweden
Type: Seal of Excellence
Active Sectors: Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement)
Provided Services: SME support (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement)
Tags: Country:Sweden; Sector:Manufacturing and processing; Service:SME support; Service:Knowledge transfer; Technology:Additive manufacturing
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Andalucía Agrotech Digital Innovation Hub
Title: Andalucía Agrotech Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Spain
Description: The Digital Innovation Hub (DIH) Andalucía Agrotech is an ecosystem created to help companies in the digitisation process of the agri-food sector. This hub gathers the needs of the agri-food sector, technological services provided by ICT companies, the innovation capacity of knowledge agents and public programmes promoted by the public administration to provide support. The DIH Andalucía Agrotech has been designed to be an instrument to speed-up the implementation of digitization in the agri-food value chain and to provide, in the first phase, the necessary training.

The DIH Andalucía Agrotech is a centre of activity to create, anticipate and channel digital innovation in the agri-food sector, that provides the best conditions to enable sector companies achieve business success in the long-term. It is:
  • an ecosystem. The Hub has to be understood as a connector and facilitator of all the actors involved in agro-technology. It is the place where the experience and know-how of farmers, livestock producers or agro-industrial experts converge with the innovative talent of technological entrepreneurs, all together with the support of the public sector, as well as with partners and stakeholders of technological and agri-food areas.
  • a one-stop shop. The Hub has to act as a pool of people, resources and tools (financing, talent, processes, methodologies, knowledge, employment, alliances, etc.), that is to say, it has to be the contact point for all the companies, people and actors related to the agri-food sector and to the implementation of digital technologies in this sector.
  • based on Competence Centres. They offer technological infrastructures, provide access to the latest knowledge, experiences and technologies to support their customers with pilot, test or experimental projects using digital innovations.
  • a provider of financial or business support to implement innovations.
  • a platform. It will be a physical and digital platform that will enable the effective collaboration between the actors of the Hub and will make resources available to them according to the working models established.
  • the first regional contact point. Proximity is key to strengthen the innovation ecosystem.
  • a regional and international benchmark hub in the field of agro-technology. Bearing in mind the global environment currently existing, the DIH has to have a double scope: on the one hand, it must be centred on the digitization of the agri-food businesses of Andalusia and, on the other hand, it must work to connect them to other businesses at national and European levels; it must promote the cooperation of actors at regional level, but it must also be a point to generate alliances between our regional initiatives and others beyond our regional borders.
  • a driver of change. Boosting the digitisation of the agri-food sector is a fundamental task, but not an end in itself. It is a powerful way to not only achieve the competitive improvement of the sector but also to obtain positive social and environmental impacts.
******
The Digital Innovation Hub (DIH) Andalucía Agrotech is an ecosystem created to help companies in the digitisation process of the agri-food sector with a non-profit character. This hub gathers the needs of the agri-food sector, technological services provided by ICT companies, the innovation capacity of knowledge agents and public programmes promoted by the public administration to provide support. The DIH Andalucía Agrotech has been designed to be an instrument to speed-up the implementation of digitisation in the agri-food value chain and to provide, in the first phase, the necessary training.
This DIH Andalucía Agrotech is a centre of activity to create, anticipate and channel digital innovation in the agri-food sector, that provides the best conditions to enable sector companies achieve business success in the long-term.
We can conclude in this respect that this DIH Andalucía Agrotech is a non-profit ecosystem with non-profit aims.
Contact Person(s): Teva Fernández Manuel
Phone: 34610540542
Email: dih.andalucia.agrotech@juntadeandalucia.es
Location: Tabladilla s/n, Sevilla, Spain
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.andaluciaagrotech.com/
Tags: Country:Spain
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Ap-EDIH
Title: Apulian-EDIH
Country: Italy
Description: The Apulian EDIH, Ap-EDIH, is the result of the merging of three Italian EDIH proposals designated as eligible at the national level, all insisting on the Apulian territory, namely: (1) Ap-EDIH (Apulian European Digital Innovation Hub), (2) EDIHAS (European Digital Innovation Hub for Aerospace) and (3) MIHUB (Mediterranean Digital Innovation HUB). It aims to establish on the Apulian regional territory, a single EDIH structure with the needed critical mass to support the Apulian SMEs and PAs operating in sectors significantly impacting on competitiveness, recovery and resilience of the territory, such as: Manufacturing, Agro-food, Energy/Climate/Smart Mobility, Health-Care (devices and systems), Blue Economy and Smart City. Ap-EDIH will focus on vertical value chains such as: textile, furniture, precision agriculture and farming, packaging and food industry, contruction&buildings, waste treatment, automotive, industrial automation, Aerospace, Biomedical devices, personalized medicine, Health-care system, and horizontal value chains such as: logistics and urban mobility digital infrastructures, digital services for citizens, digital services for weather forecasting and biodiversity. The Ap-EDIH network wants to offer to its customers integrated packages of AI, CS and HPC test before invest, skills and training, support to find investment and networking services tailored on actual Apulian SMEs and PAs needs. To enhance its effectiveness Ap-EDIH will specifically develop, with the co-financing of some of its key affiliated partners, solid Best Practices to ensure a uniform take in charge of customers all over the network. Joint activities and services with other EU Hub will be pursued by the Ap-EDIH network in order to contribute to reinforce European digital leadership. A collaboration with EDIH INNOVATE proposal from Austria has been already activated.
Contact Person(s): Luisa Torsi
Phone: 3.90805E+11
Email: presidente@medisdih.it
Location: Via Amendola 172/5 (legal headquarter), 70126 Bari BA, Italy
Type: Seal of Excellence
Active Sectors: Aeronautics (very high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (very low involvement), Consumer products (very low involvement), Education (very high involvement), Electricity (high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), fuels and petroleum engineering (very high involvement), Environment (very high involvement), Food and beverages (very high involvement), Health care (very high involvement), Life sciences (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (high involvement), Maritime (low involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very low involvement), Personal services (high involvement), Polymers and plastics (very high involvement), Public administration (moderate involvement), Security (very high involvement), Smart City (very high involvement), Space (very high involvement), Telecommunications (high involvement), Textiles (very low involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Transport sector (high involvement)
Provided Services: Circular economy (very low involvement), Field trial (low involvement), Innovation management (very low involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (moderate involvement), Public sector innovation (low involvement), Regional development (high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (high involvement), SME support (high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (high involvement)
Technological Focus: Additive manufacturing (very high involvement), Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (moderate involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), products) (very high involvement), Cyber-physical systems (high involvement), Cybersecurity (high involvement), Digital twins (moderate involvement), High performance computing (high involvement), Human computer interaction (very low involvement), Industrial biotechnology (very high involvement), optoelectronics (moderate involvement), Mobility (high involvement), Organic and large area electronics (very high involvement), Photonics (moderate involvement), Quantum Technologies (computing/communication) (very high involvement), Robotics (very high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (low involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very low involvement)
Tags: Country:Italy; Sector:Aeronautics; Sector:Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology; Sector:Automotive; Sector:Construction & Assembly; Sector:Consumer products; Sector:Education; Sector:Electricity; Sector:Energy; Sector:fuels and petroleum engineering; Sector:Environment; Sector:Food and beverages; Sector:Health care; Sector:Life sciences; Sector:Manufacturing and processing; Sector:Maritime; Sector:Metal working and industrial production; Sector:Personal services; Sector:Polymers and plastics; Sector:Public administration; Sector:Security; Sector:Smart City; Sector:Space; Sector:Telecommunications; Sector:Textiles; Sector:Transport & Mobility; Sector:Transport sector; Service:Circular economy; Service:Field trial; Service:Innovation management; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:Prototyping; Service:Public sector innovation; Service:Regional development; Service:Smart Specialisation strategies; Service:SME support; Service:Technological innovation; Service:Technology transfer; Technology:Additive manufacturing; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Big data; Technology:Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT); Technology:products); Technology:Cyber-physical systems; Technology:Cybersecurity; Technology:Digital twins; Technology:High performance computing; Technology:Human computer interaction; Technology:Industrial biotechnology; Technology:optoelectronics; Technology:Mobility; Technology:Organic and large area electronics; Technology:Photonics; Technology:Quantum Technologies (computing/communication); Technology:Robotics; Technology:Semiconductors and Nanotechnology; Technology:Sensors & Vision Processing Systems; Technology:Simulation engineering and modelling
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Applied CPS
Title: EDIH Applied Cyber Physical Systems for manufacturing, construction and automotive sectors
Country: Austria
Description: CPS (cyber-physical systems) represent a central part of digitization 4.0. These are systems in which information and software components are connected to mechanical components. data transfer and -exchange as well as the control and management via an Internet infrastructure take place in real time. Mobile and moving devices, devices and machines, including robots, embedded systems and networked objects interact. Around-the-clock availability and exceptional resilience are just two of the numerous advantages. The complexity of such an individual development and networking for companies requires in-depth know-how, which SMEs and start-ups usually lack. This is exactly where the EDIH Applied CPS comes in.
EDIH-Applied CPS is a network of technology leaders in Austria. Manufacturing, construction and mobility SMEs benefit from 33 tailor-made services for access to cyber-physical systems, in particular to:
- Sensor technology and embedded systems- Smart systems integration- Digital twinning and data usage- Blockchain and distributed ledger technology
Contact Person(s): Martin Benedikt
Phone: +43 316 873 9048
Email: edih@applied-cps.at
Location: Inffeldgasse 21a, 8010 Graz, Austria
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.applied-cps.at/
Active Sectors: Automotive (very high involvement), Construction & Assembly (very high involvement), Energy (high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), Real estate (high involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement), Transport sector (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Technological innovation (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (high involvement), Circular economy (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Digital twins (very high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cloud Services (moderate involvement), Cyber-physical systems (very high involvement), Cybersecurity (moderate involvement), Internet of Things (very high involvement), Human computer interaction (high involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), Mobility (very high involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (high involvement), Semiconductors and Nanotechnology (very high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (very high involvement)
Tags: Country:Austria; Sector:Automotive; Sector:Construction & Assembly; Sector:Energy; Sector:Manufacturing and processing; Sector:Metal working and industrial production; Sector:Real estate; Sector:Transport & Mobility; Sector:Transport sector; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:Prototyping; Service:Technological innovation; Service:Technology transfer; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Circular economy; Technology:Digital twins; Technology:Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT); Technology:Big data; Technology:Cloud Services; Technology:Cyber-physical systems; Technology:Cybersecurity; Technology:Internet of Things; Technology:Human computer interaction; Technology:Location-based applications; Technology:Mobility; Technology:Sensors & Vision Processing Systems; Technology:Semiconductors and Nanotechnology; Technology:Simulation engineering and modelling
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Aragon EDIH
Title: Aragon European Digital Innovation Hub
Country: Spain
Description: Aragon DIH is an instrument created to boost digitalization in Aragon in an effort to improve the competitiveness of its productive system, the development and enhancement of the results of its innovation ecosystem, the achievement of its smart specialisation and sustainability goals, and putting digitalization in the focus of the Aragonese society as a source for growth, social development, and with a strong transformative effect on employment quality. Aragon DIH joins the efforts of three of Aragon’s most relevant institutions, ITA (Coordinator), IAF and UNIZAR, who have been carrying out activities together since 2017 for the digitalisation of the region and its industries thanks to the DIH initiative, and it is also participated by Aragon’s business associations (CEOE and CEPYME), regional ICT cluster (TECNARA) and the regional Chambers of Commerce (CAMARA) that contribute as connecting arms with the industries. Aragon DIH relies on its outstanding technological capabilities in Data (iSpace since 2018), AI and cognitive systems, HPC, manufacturing processes, robotics and logistics, as key drivers for new developments and innovation opportunities. These, together with its close approach to Aragon’s SMEs, big corporations and public institutions (+100 associated partners at present), confer Aragon DIH the elements for an effective impact. Aragon DIH is a solid mature project with an ongoing track record of collaborations in European projects and networks, looking forward to becoming an important contributor to the EDIH Initial Network through its capabilities, expertise and experience.
Contact Person(s): Pablo Perez
Phone: 34976010000
Email: pperez@ita.es
Location: Maria de luna 8, 50018 Zaragoza Zaragoza, Spain
Type: EDIH
Website: https://www.aragonedih.com/
Active Sectors: Public administration (very high involvement), Manufacturing and processing (very high involvement), Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology (very high involvement), Transport sector (very high involvement), Travel and tourism (moderate involvement), Automotive (very high involvement), Community-Led Local Development (moderate involvement), Cultural and creative economy (moderate involvement), Education (very high involvement), Energy (very high involvement), Aeronautics (moderate involvement), Health care (high involvement), Construction & Assembly (high involvement), Environment (moderate involvement), Metal working and industrial production (very high involvement), wholesale or distribution (moderate involvement), Transport & Mobility (very high involvement)
Provided Services: Technological innovation (very high involvement), Ecosystem building (very high involvement), Technology transfer (very high involvement), Innovation management (very high involvement), Prototyping (very high involvement), Public sector innovation (very high involvement), Smart Specialisation strategies (very high involvement), Knowledge transfer (very high involvement), SME support (very high involvement), Circular economy (high involvement), Sme Business Development (high involvement), Finance (moderate involvement)
Technological Focus: Artificial Intelligence & Decision support (very high involvement), Big data (very high involvement), Cloud Services (very high involvement), High performance computing (very high involvement), Logistics (high involvement), Robotics (high involvement), Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) (high involvement), Digital twins (high involvement), Internet of Things (high involvement), Location-based applications (high involvement), Simulation engineering and modelling (high involvement), Mobility (moderate involvement), Software Architectures (moderate involvement), Sensors & Vision Processing Systems (moderate involvement)
Tags: Country:Spain; Sector:Public administration; Sector:Manufacturing and processing; Sector:Agricultural biotechnology and food biotechnology; Sector:Transport sector; Sector:Travel and tourism; Sector:Automotive; Sector:Community-Led Local Development; Sector:Cultural and creative economy; Sector:Education; Sector:Energy; Sector:Aeronautics; Sector:Health care; Sector:Construction & Assembly; Sector:Environment; Sector:Metal working and industrial production; Sector:wholesale or distribution; Sector:Transport & Mobility; Service:Technological innovation; Service:Ecosystem building; Service:Technology transfer; Service:Innovation management; Service:Prototyping; Service:Public sector innovation; Service:Smart Specialisation strategies; Service:Knowledge transfer; Service:SME support; Service:Circular economy; Service:Sme Business Development; Service:Finance; Technology:Artificial Intelligence & Decision support; Technology:Big data; Technology:Cloud Services; Technology:High performance computing; Technology:Logistics; Technology:Robotics; Technology:Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT); Technology:Digital twins; Technology:Internet of Things; Technology:Location-based applications; Technology:Simulation engineering and modelling; Technology:Mobility; Technology:Software Architectures; Technology:Sensors & Vision Processing Systems
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Arctic Development Environments Cluster
Title: Arctic Development Environments Cluster
Country: Finland
Description: The Arctic Development Environments cluster provides businesses in Finnish Lapland a one-stop-shop access point to the digital technology expertise and services of its member organisations: universities and research organisations in the region. The cluster supports businesses by helping to improve their processes, products and services by means of digitalisation. The cluster is coordinated by the Lapland University of Applied Sciences, based in Kemi-Tornio and Rovaniemi, and its operations are not-for-profit, with a pricing model based on actual costs. Most of the cluster partner organisations are publicly funded and the revenue is allocated back to the units that have operational costs from providing the service. In addition, the cluster offers businesses services related to R&D funding (access to finance).
The cluster offers companies support at different stages of the product development cycle. The cluster's services include: contract research; test-before-invest; product development; prototyping; business development; access to technological platforms and innovation spaces; funding mapping and matching; and training.
The cluster includes 50 modern infra, environments and laboratories (TEFs) and more than 750 experts and specialists, spanning almost the whole of Lapland. The cluster is also in the process of developing inter-regional collaboration to widen the spectrum of digitalisation services available through the cluster.
The digitalisation services of the cluster can be accessed on the Ardico.fi service portal. The service themes are listed at https://ardico.fi/portal#/themes. These themes include e.g. product testing and analysis, IoT, VR/AR, Cloud services and Big data. The services span the whole TRL scale, with a novel test-before-invest service portfolio.
The portal also provides businesses with tools to e.g. evaluate their level of enterprise digitalisation: https://ardico.fi/portal#/tools
The cluster's service model:

The company contacts the cluster.
The cluster produces a requirement specification based on the company's need.
The business receives a tender specifying the pricing and schedule of the service.
If the tender is accepted, a service contract is drawn between the company and the cluster. The pricing is based on the actual costs of the service.
A group of experts is selected and their work is coordinated by the cluster.
The cluster assists the company with identifying and applying for suitable R&D funding.
The cluster submits the results to the company.

The service model has been developed through piloting with SMEs. The cluster’s services are further being developed according to customer needs and feedback. The ultimate goal is to support businesses in developing new products and business models and to launch them with the help of high-quality research.
Further resources for the region’s development will be acquired through international cooperation. Networking with other Digital Innovation Hubs enables cooperation and planning of new project initiatives and consortia.
Contact Person(s): Pyyny Raimo
Phone: +358 40 555 8065
Email: raimo.pyyny@lapinamk.fi
Location: Tietokatu 1, Kemi, Finland
Type: DIH
Website: https://ardico.fi/portal#/go-digital
Tags: Country:Finland
------------------------------------------------------------
EDIH Name: Arctic Drone Labs
Title: Arctic Drone Labs
Country: Finland
Description: Arctic Drone Labs DIH is a non-profit innovation ecosystem that provides world-class innovative solutions, technical and non-technical services to its members and partners in the field of UAS, robotics, autonomous systems and associated fields. We gather the best practices in relevant research and industry domains and contribute to the advancement of research knowledge, stronger innovative practices, industry-driven standardisation and development of relevant vertical and horizontal markets in close collaboration with key stakeholders. The alliance opens access to research results and brings the expertise of all its members to enable ascension in the value chain, improve work efficiency and ensure new business opportunities. We contribute to the common industry and research-driven proprietary and open system platforms and open-source solutions and are involved in standardisation and dissemination activities and policymaking. By investing systematically into the cutting-edge technology innovations, with comprehensive digitalisation and following the security by design approach, we deliver the complete range of solutions from technology enablers to post-operational data analytics – seamlessly integrating them into the existing or newly-developed processes, tools, platforms and architectures. Ethical, data privacy and data protection aspects are considered as crucial in all our operations and those projects that we plan and develop. Well-established and continuously-developed collaboration with stakeholders, including government bodies and business and research circles representing different industry sectors and research domains from all around Finland, allows us to mobilise required resources in a fast and efficient way. Together with our members and partners, we meet international requirements to facilitate European move towards digital single market strategy and contribute to the establishment of a European U-Space Demonstrator Network.
Contact Person(s): Paajanen Kimmo
Phone: +358 40 6612871
Email: kimmo.paajanen@oamk.fi
Location: Yliopistokatu 9, Oulu, Finland
Type: DIH
Website: https://www.arcticdronelabs.com
Tags: Country:Finland
------------------------------------------------------------
